An Adventure with This New Party! - P5
ナレーション: Kazuma's party headed out on a quest with Lia, Cielo, and Erika to gather material for making armor...
cielo: Hey, look! That's adamantite, right?
darkness: ...Indeed. Have we collected enough? Well, then!\nCongratulations on completing your first quest!
erica: Yaaay!
aqua: Gathering quests are a piece of cake with this party.
kazuma: Yeah. With Lia's group handling most of the monsters, high-difficulty quests will be a breeze.
megumin: I’m glad we teamed up. 
megumin: This whole quest would've been perfect if not for that damn trap...
lia: Ahaha... We were a bit careless there...\n
lia: But now you know what we can do, right?
kazuma: Yeah, sorry to test you like that. I hope you'll continue to go on quests with us.
ナレーション: Kazuma shook Lia's outstretched hand firmly.
aqua: Excellent! Our contract to do more quests together is now sealed. The goddess Aqua shall serve as witness!
lia: Goddess?
kazuma: Never mind that. She says weird stuff sometimes.
darkness: By the way... Lia, where did you learn to wield a spear? You're quite skilled, but I've never seen that form before.
lia: Ah, um... I'm not sure. I just sort of use it.
darkness: So you're self-taught? That's even more impressive.\n
darkness: Especially for someone your age.
megumin: It wasn't just Lia's spear. Erika's speed and Cielo's recovery magic were also pretty useful.
erica: Heh! Told you I was more than just a cute face!
cielo: Y-You're too kind...
kazuma: Unlike Megumin or Darkness, they're actually useful. If I quest with them, we might actually get somewhere.
kazuma: Cielo, Erika, I look forward to working with you both. Let's shake on it to seal the deal!
lia: W-Wait! If a man touches Cielo—
cielo: NOOOOOO!! GET AWAY FROM ME!!!
kazuma: Aaarrrggghhh!!!
kazuma: !!!
ナレーション: The moment Kazuma tried to shake Cielo's hand, she threw a brutal punch that sent him flying into the rock wall.
lia: Sorry about that. Cielo is afraid of men, so if you touch her, she'll attack reflexively.
megumin: For a reflex, she really put her back into it...
kazuma: That's right... I let my guard down, because I thought she was normal. I should've known better.
kazuma: Huh? Is this...
darkness: Do you know martial arts? I imagine a strike 
darkness: upon my body's vital points would feel incredible.
cielo: *Sob* I'm really sorry!
kazuma: Hey, don't worry about it. I'll just take the medical costs and other damages from your reward.
kazuma: Anyways, check out what I found when you knocked me into that wall...
aqua: What a pretty stone! It even changes color when you look 
aqua: at it from different angles! It must be a quality ore.
darkness: Could this be...uncut Alexandrite?
lia: Is it valuable?
darkness: Very. Nobles love it for the jewelry you can make with it. A stone this size could easily go for four million Eris.
Kazuma, Aqua & Erica: F-FOUR MILLION ERIS?!
aqua: Kazuma... We found it while on a quest, right? So it'd only be fair for us to split this reward evenly...
kazuma: Nice try, Aqua, but I found it AFTER we finished the quest. 
kazuma: So it's all mine!
erica: Four million Eris... That'd be enough to make new costumes and get a new performance stage!
darkness: To think you'd get knocked into an uncut gem... Your luck is amazing, Kazuma. When life gives you rocks, you make gems!
megumin: Maybe we can find more uncut Alexandrite over there!
lia: No way. If it was that easy to find, other adventurers would have found it already.
darkness: She's right. It was purely a coincidence that Cielo's attack and Kazuma's luck led to us finding this chunk.
cielo: I-I'm really, really sorry...
kazuma: Haha, don't worry about it, Cielo. We're friends, right? I was just kidding about the medical costs and damages.
darkness: I have never met anyone so ruthlessly self-centered...
kazuma: We can get a quest reward from the guild if we head back. Let's call it a day.
aqua: Hey, Kazuma. Let's sell this thing and have a bit of fun tonight!
kazuma: Did she forget how much debt we're in? 450 million Eris! 
kazuma: When you think about it, this is just a drop in the bucket.
lia: Wait... Where's Erika?
kazuma: Huh? She was here a second ago...
lia: You don't think she went looking for more Alexandrite...
？？？: Rrraaawwwrrr!!!
？？？: Eek! A monster! Help me!
cielo: That sounded like Erika!
lia: It came from over there. Let's hurry!
kazuma: Damn that Erika. First she gets caught in a trap, and now she's gotten herself into even more trouble!
kazuma: Let's go! We've got to rescue her!
