An Adventure with This New Party! - P4
ナレーション: The day had finally come for the party to go on a quest with the three dancers...
lia: Thanks for helping us today.
erica: I can't believe they're actually making us do a trial run. We're way too good for that!
cielo: Don't be rude, Erika. We're the ones asking for a favor.
megumin: It's all right. Nobody in this party is petty enough to get mad over something like that.
darkness: Besides, we've been looking forward to doing a quest for a while now. Let's give it our all, everybody!
aqua: Yeah! And as senior arch priestess, I can't let Cielo beat me!
kazuma: Don't make this weird.
kazuma: Hm. Going on this quest seemed like the right move, but who knows...
kazuma: Maybe we should've just distanced ourselves before they realize we're the ones who burned up their costumes...
？？？: Huh? Is that...
dust: So it IS you, Kazuma! What are you doing here?
dust: And where'd those cute girls come from?! You trying to seduce some new ladies without me?!
kazuma: Don't make me sound like some kind of a scumbag! I'm not trying to seduce them!
dust: Fine, fine. I won't press the issue.\nBy the way, I heard you had a little accident the other day.
kazuma: Ack?!
lia: ...The other day?
dust: Yeah, some cabbages went on a rampage and attacked a performance group's cart.
dust: On Kazuma's orders, the cart was blown to—
kazuma: AAAAAAAAAHHH!!!
dust: Whoa, what's with the screaming?
kazuma: Let's go on that quest! Quickly, now!
aqua: Slow down, Kazuma. What's the hurry? It's not like the quest is going anywhere.
kazuma: You don't know that! We should really get moving!
lia: O-Okay...
kazuma: Let's go, everyone! We're out of here!
dust: Kazuma, wait! Jeez, what's his problem?
questStart: Gathering Quest:
Retrieve adamantite ore




from the dungeon.
Retrieve adamantite ore




from the dungeon.
kazuma: Adamantite is used to make weapons and armor, right?
darkness: That is correct. My armor contains a small amount of it. It is near impossible to work with due to its hardness.
aqua: You've got the Blacksmith skill, Kazuma. Maybe you can work with it without needing to go to the actual blacksmith.
erica: Oh, who cares about that... Can we take a break?
kazuma: What are you talking about? We just took a break.
erica: Don't be like that. 
erica: Pretty please?
kazuma: Acting cute isn't going to help. The answer's still no.
erica: Cute? 
erica: Did you just call me cute?!\n
erica: Oh, Kazuma, you're such a flirt!
erica: All right! If I do my best, will you say it again?
kazuma: What a pain...
megumin: Getting excited over being called cute... Seriously?\nBeing cool is more important than being cute!
erica: No way, cuteness is more important! Cute, cute, cute, cute, cute, cute, cute!
megumin: Cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool!
cielo: U-Um...
lia: Calm down, you two. Dungeons are full of traps and other dangers. We need to be careful.
erica: Cute, cute, cu— 
erica: ...Huh? Did I just step on something?
Dancers & Megumin: Eeeeeek!!!
erica: Ugh, this sucks! What is this?!
aqua: Isn't it obvious? You're in some kind of trap.
darkness: Indeed. The ropes appear to be digging into their skin... It must feel amazing.
cielo: Don't just stand there talking about it, Darkness! Get us out of here!!!
megumin: Th-This position...is really not good!
megumin: D-D-Don't look, Kazuma! If you do, I'll fire my explosion magic right here!
kazuma: Don't worry, I'm not looking.
kazuma: I'm totally looking. And what a view!\nWhoever set this trap... Thank you!
aqua: Listen up!
aqua: Truth be told, I've been caught in plenty of traps. But each time, the experience helped me grow!
aqua: So don't feel embarrassed just because you got caught. Be proud!
kazuma: Ugh, she's just trying to show off for Cielo...
lia: *Sigh* ...Erika, don't you have the Trap Detection skill?
erica: Ah! It's been a while since our last quest, so I forgot... I'll make sure to use it next time.
kazuma: Oops, my bad. I forgot that I have that skill too. But...
darkness: H-Hey, Kazuma. Why are you simply standing there? We should hurry to their aid...
aqua: Kazuma? Are you listening? Hey, Kazuma!
megumin: Aah! This is going from bad to worse!
lia: Hey, quit squirming. The rope's digging into me!
cielo: Ahh...
kazuma: Nice work, Erika. I think I see the value in Trap Detection now.
ナレーション: And so Kazuma was convinced that good things could come from having dancers in your party...
