An Adventure with This New Party! - P6
kazuma: Erika! Look out!
lia: Hyaaagh!
Beginner's Bane: Rrraaawwwrrr!!!
kazuma: Whew, we made it. 
kazuma: You okay, Erika?
erica: Hmph! I didn't ask for your help.
lia: You idiot!
erica: Ah...
kazuma: Whoa! You didn't have to slap her.
lia: Erika! Why'd you go off on your own?!
erica: ...I just wanted the Alexandrite. With four million Eris, we could put on a show for all our fans.
lia: Even so, that was dangerous... What if you'd gotten killed?! You'd never get to see your parents again!
erica: Ungh...
aqua: Hold on. There's something deeper going on here...
darkness: Perhaps we shouldn't pry...
cielo: We weren't exactly hiding it, but Erika was raised in an orphanage. She's never met her parents.
cielo: She thinks her parents will come for her if she's cute. She became a dancer hoping her parents would hear about her...
kazuma: I see... So that's why she's obsessed with being cute.
cielo: Erika, Lia's only angry because of how much she cares about you.
erica: You think I don't know that?
cielo: So what should you do? If you think you did something wrong, shouldn't you say you're sorry?
erica: ...I'm sorry. And...thank you...for saving me.
lia: As long as you understand. Just don't do anything reckless like that again.
lia: We can't be a dance trio if one of us is gone. Let's make sure we can keep sharing the stage together.
erica: Yeah... You're right! I'm so sorry!
erica: Waaaaaah! I'm sorry, Lia! I'm sorry, Cielooo!
ナレーション: Erika sobbed into Lia's chest while Cielo gently patted Erika's back...
darkness: She puts on a brave face, but her situation is clearly more complicated than it appears.
kazuma: In that case, this must be fate. If there's anything we can do to help, don't hesitate to ask.
lia: Thank you, Kazuma.
kazuma: Now that everyone's made up, why don't you shake hands? Go on, just take your hands and—
lia: Kazuma, wait! Remember what happens if a man touches Cielo!!
cielo: Noooooo!
kazuma: Aaaaaaugh
kazuma: !!!
lia: *Sigh* ...I tried to stop you.
cielo: I-I'm sorry! I didn't mean to!
kazuma: Do you seriously think you can just get away with anything as long as you say you didn't mean it?
questComplete: Gathering Quest:
<size=90>Retrieve adamantite ore




from the dungeon.</size>
<size=90>Retrieve adamantite ore




from the dungeon.</size>
ナレーション: In the end, we decided to split the quest reward and the profits from the uncut Alexandrite with Lia's group.
ナレーション: They used their reward to make new costumes and rent a small theater in Axel. On the day of the show...
aqua: I've gotta say, it's surprisingly crowded... Do you think they're all fans of Lia's group?
darkness: While they have traveled a great distance, it seems they hail from Axel. It makes sense for them to have many fans here.
kazuma: I saw something like this on TV when I was in Japan, but never in this world...
megumin: Oh! I think it's starting!
erica_stage: Hey, everybody! Thanks for coming!
cielo_stage: There's so many people here... Ahhh... I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm really very sorry...
lia_stage: You don't have to apologize. It's been a while since we put 
lia_stage: on a show, so let's introduce ourselves.\nWe are...
Axel Hearts: The dance trio, Axel Hearts!
cielo: W-We're gonna sing and dance our hearts out. So we hope everyone has lots of fun tonight!
erica: You won't want to take your eyes off me! Gaze at my dazzling cuteness!
lia: Now for our first song, "Bright Show"!
aqua: Those girls are pretty good!
megumin: They're driving the audience absolutely crazy.\n
megumin: Still, it's nothing compared to my explosion magic.
darkness: Yes... This is much more lively than traditional court music. It's quite enjoyable.
kazuma: This is nice... Refreshing, even... They kind of remind me of Japanese idols... 
kazuma: Wait. Idols?!
darkness: You look rather serious, Kazuma. Does our debt still worry you?
kazuma: No... 
kazuma: I've got it. I've figured it out!
aqua: Figured what out?
kazuma: They're idols! IDOLS!!! 
kazuma: They're basically a license to print money!
kazuma: If they just polish their singing and dancing, they could become famous and make tons of money!
megumin: Idols?
aqua: They're highly merchandiseable people who put on shows for enthusiastic fans.
kazuma: I've made up my mind! I'll be their producer!
kazuma: We'll do shows at a bigger venue and make merchandise...
kazuma: I'll use this to finally REPAY MY DEBTS!!!
tough_guy: So you've set out on a new path. I may have just witnessed the birth of a new legend...
