An Adventure with This New Party! - P2
An Adventure with This New Party! - P2: An Adventure with This New Party! - P2
ナレーション: A few days earlier, Kazuma and the gang's peaceful, lazy lives came to an abrupt end...
megumin: Hey, Kazuma! Let's go on a quest!
kazuma_jersey: Not today.
darkness: "Not today"? But you've been locked up in this mansion for days! When will you take on another quest?
kazuma_jersey: I'm not about to put myself in harm's way for no reason. We're doing just fine, so there's no need to put ourselves in danger.
megumin: You're so lazy! Aqua, say something to him!
aqua: ...Well, he isn't wrong. 
aqua: And we haaave been working pretty hard lately!
aqua: We should spoil ourselves more! And what better way to do so than with a bottle of fancy bubbly?
darkness: Mid-day bubbly...? Are you certain that's a good idea?
ナレーション: As Darkness pondered the situation, the emergency alarm sounded through town...
aqua: Huh? What was that?!
Announcement: Emergency quest! Emergency quest! All adventurers, assemble at the front gate immediately!
kazuma_jersey: It's been a while since I've heard that sound...
megumin: This seems serious. 
megumin: Come on, let's go!
kazuma_jersey: Go on without me... I don't have the strength to lift anything heavier than chopsticks right now.
megumin: Stop acting like a spoiled brat! Now, let's get a move on!
megumin: !
tough_guy: Hmph! They came early this year...
Cabbage: Cabba Cabba Cabba Cabba...!
kazuma: Cabbage... 
kazuma: Cabbages...? Hey, aren't those supposed to come in autumn? It's still spring!
Cabbage: Cabba Cabba Cabba Cabba...!
aqua: These are SPRING cabbages, Kazuma. Don't you know the difference? You plant them in autumn and harvest them in the spring. They're pretty tasty!
aqua: Plus, they sell for a high price and make great snacks. Now, let's get to harvesting!
questStart: Public Quest:
Harvest the incoming




horde of spring cabbage.
Harvest the incoming




horde of spring cabbage.
aqua: Help me, Kazumaaa! These cabbages are way more ferocious than the ones 
aqua: from before!
luna: Spring cabbages are always on the move and full of energy!\n
luna: That's why they taste so great!
megumin: Argh... If we could herd them to a single spot, I could blow them away with my explosion magic.
Adventurer A: Bad news! The performance group's carriage was supposed to return today, but they're not here yet!
Adventurer B: Maybe they were attacked by the spring cabbages? We could go help, but given the size of this cabbage horde...
darkness: ...
darkness: All right, let us search for the carriage. I shall shield you from the cabbages' attacks!
kazuma: Does this situation...excite you?
darkness: Not at all.
Cabbage: Cabba Cabba Cabba Cabba...!
darkness: *Pant pant* The cabbages' attacks are truly powerful! Their heavy, hard blows...
darkness: are exhilarating! 
megumin: ...Look, Kazuma! It's the cart!
kazuma: Hey, are you all right?!
Driver: I-I'm fine. Somehow. But my horse ran off...
aqua: Were there any other passengers?
Driver: A few dancers, but they managed to escape. I'm more worried about their luggage...
kazuma: You'll be taken out with your cart if you stick around here! Come with us if you want to live!
kazuma: Darkness! We'll take the old man somewhere safe. Draw the cabbages away!
darkness: Y-You want me to shield you after already taking so much damage?! 
darkness: Hehehe... I was hoping you'd say that!
darkness: More... Give me more... 
darkness: Let me be your human shield!
aqua: Now! While Darkness lures the cabbages with her Decoy skill!
kazuma: This way, old man! Get away from the cart!
Driver: O-Okay. But the luggage—
megumin: Kazuma! I'm ready to fire off my explosion magic! Just say the word!
kazuma: The cabbages are all grouped together. Let's finish them off and secure an escape route!
kazuma: Now, Megumin! 
kazuma: But don't hit the cart!
megumin: I am Megumin, foremost spellcaster of the Crimson Demon Clan and wielder of explosion magic!
kazuma: Darkness, get out of there so you don't get hit!
darkness: Ahhh... I can hold out for just a little longer!
kazuma: ARE YOU CRAZY?! GET OVER HERE!!!
Cabbage: Cabba Cabba Cabba Cabba...!
megumin: Hehehe... Behold my limitless power!\n
megumin: EXPLOSION!!
ナレーション: Megumin's explosion magic not only blew the cabbages to bits, but the cart as well.
kazuma: Hey! What are you doing?! You blew up the cart, too! Didn't I tell you not to hit it?!
megumin: Crimson Demons don't know the meaning of the word restraint.\n
megumin: Heh... Nice explosion!
kazuma: That brat! Maybe we should just leave her lying here!
Driver: Wh-Wh-What have you done...?!
kazuma: S-Sorry... But at least nobody got hurt. That's good news, right?
Driver: Don't be stupid! That cart was—
kazuma: I don't believe this... They told us it was just the carriage of some performance group from Axel...
aqua: Who could've known there was a noble's gift on that cart? 
aqua: And why's a performance group acting as a courier?!
kazuma: Now we need to cough up 450 million Eris to replace those precious metals... 
kazuma: We'll never make enough to pay that off! It's impossible!
aqua: We'll have to take on a difficult quest with a big reward. 
aqua: Like slaying one of the Devil King's generals!
kazuma: A high-difficulty quest... Is that really our only option? I'm not sure we can handle something like that on our own...
kazuma: If we're going to accept a high-difficulty quest, we'll need to recruit more party members from the guild...
Black-Haired Girl: Excuse me, do you have a moment?
kazuma: Huh?
Black-Haired Girl: I overheard your conversation just now. Are you planning to take on a high-difficulty quest?
kazuma: Well, we haven't actually decided yet...
Tomboy: Um, if you don't mind our asking...\n
Tomboy: Would you let us join your party?
Ponytailed Girl: More like we'll let you accept us into your party. I'm sure you're excited to go questing with us.
kazuma: Three beautiful girls appeared out of nowhere acting pretty needy. I get the feeling this is going to trigger some kind of event.
Black-Haired Girl: I don't think we'll slow you down... 
Black-Haired Girl: What do you say?
