A New Deal for These Dancers! - P6
ナレーション: A few days after the troll interrupted the meet-and-greet event in the capital, Kazuma was at a tavern in Axel...
kazuma: *Glug glug* 
kazuma: Phwaaa! Excuse me, I'll have another round!
megumin: Ungh...
kazuma: What is it, Megumin? Can you stop looking at me like I'm some kind of pathetic slug?
aqua: Well, you ARE kinda pathetic... The dancer tour was going so well for a while there.
darkness: It's good you stopped the rampaging troll, but the ensuing battle left the capital's theater in ruins...
darkness: To make matters worse, you were deemed the person responsible and had to pay a large amount in reparations. It was an utter disaster.
kazuma: That's not all! The second show was canceled, so I had to give out refunds and couldn't even sell all the merch I'd prepared!
kazuma: WE'RE IN THE RED! WE'RE! IN! THE! RED!!!
aqua: I knew this would happen! It's never good news when you start acting like this!
aqua: I kept trying to tell you! But you were so obsessed with money, money, money, that you wouldn't listen!
darkness: Now, now, Aqua. Kazuma was just doing what he could to help those dancers.
darkness: It's not like he was acting out of his own self-interest. Right, Kazuma?
kazuma: O-Of course I wasn't.
megumin: Kazuma, I saw you look away!
Elderly Gentleman: Excuse me. I heard the name "Kazuma" just now... You wouldn't happen to be Kazuma Satou, would you? May I have a moment?
kazuma: Uh, yes. I'm Kazuma. Can I help you?
Elderly Manager: It's a pleasure to meet you. I'm the manager of the theater here in Axel.
lia: He wants to hire us?
kazuma: He says he saw your show back at the capital.\n
kazuma: And it seems he took an interest in you.
Elderly Manager: That's right. The handshake incident was a disaster, but the show itself was wonderful...
Elderly Manager: It'd be a shame if you simply faded away. This may come off as selfish, but will you perform at my theater?
lia: That's... We couldn't ask for anything more! We'd love to perform at your theater!
cielo: I-I'll try not to go too crazy. I hope we can live up 
cielo: to your expectations!
erica: Thanks, mister! I'll autograph something for you later!
: Thanks, mister! I'll autograph something for you later!
Elderly Manager: Heh... In that case, I'll bring an official contract later.
Elderly Manager: I look forward to working with you.
aqua: You did it, girls! All of your hard work has paid off!
kazuma: Everything else aside, they have a lot of fans. Lia's group puts on a high-end show.
megumin: Their show in the Crimson Demon Village was a big hit!\n
megumin: Even if their introductions needed some work...
darkness: It's obvious to those in the know, huh?
lia: Thank you... It feels good to be acknowledged as a dancer.
lia: With this, we can keep performing. We'll be able to continue doing shows together.
cielo: At first, I just thought of it as a way to get rid of my 
cielo: fear of men, but now I love performing with everyone!
erica: Me, too. The three of us are what makes Axel Hearts! When we stand on stage, we stand together!
kazuma: That reminds me, I've found out why Cielo and Erika are dancers. But, Lia, why do you dance?
lia: That's a secret... 
lia: Hehe.
kazuma: Huh?
lia: Anyway, Cielo, Erika... Let's keep giving our all!
aqua: What a beautiful show of friendship! Seeing that makes the whole tour worth it. 
aqua: So cheer up, Kazuma!
kazuma: Yeah, you're right.
kazuma: Like hell it is! Now I'm even deeper in debt!
kazuma: Friendship isn't worth a single Eris! Wait, what if I charge the manager a commission?
kazuma: I oughtta establish a system where, as the person who formed the trio, I get paid each month for nothing!
megumin: Kazuma, you're making that face again. You never learn...
？？？: Hey, Kazuma! Look at you, partying with pretty girls in the middle of the day. You're living the life!
dust: So, I heard you trashed the capital's theater this time?
cielo: ...This time?
kazuma: Dust! Don't say—
dust: Ahaha, you never learn! Just the other day, you destroyed that performance group's carriage!
dust: Weren't you the one who ordered it to be blown up? Along with their luggage? And now you've done it to the capital's theater!
cielo: Blown up...along with their luggage... That means...
megumin: Ah! I forgot to feed Chomusuke today!\n
megumin: Kazuma, I need to get going!
kazuma: *Gasp*
dust: That sounds like what the man who defeated a Devil King general would do... Huh?
dust: You're being awfully quiet, Kazuma. I heard you found a way to pay off your debts and were in a good—
lia: What? Our luggage was destroyed at your command, Kazuma?
cielo: And this was just a way to repay your debts...
dust: ...Did I say something I shouldn't have? Ahahaha...\n
dust: Ah, I just remember I need to be somewhere! Later!
kazuma: Ungh...
erica: Tell me, Kazuma... Did you really blow up our luggage? I'd love to know what happened. Would you please take a seat?
kazuma: ...You must all be really mad, huh?
lia: Sit down.
kazuma: Okay!
cielo: You're terrible... We trusted you.
kazuma: It's not what you think. I had a good reason...
lia: You mean USING us as a way to earn money and repay your personal debts?
kazuma: Well, that's not, like, completely inaccurate, but...
erica: Kazuma was in debt. So... he really had no choice, right? 
erica: And he DID help us get famous... We should just let it slide.
kazuma: E-Erika...
erica: You think you can get off just like that?! Why are YOU acting like the victim?! Have some shame!
kazuma: I'M REALLY SORRY!!!
aqua: *Sigh* You reap what you sow, Kazuma. Maybe we should look for a quest to do tomorrow.
darkness: Yeah, I guess so.
darkness: Although, seeing him there on the ground while they berate him so... I'm a little jealous.
kazuma: How could this happen? My debt's grown to 570 million...\n
kazuma: When will I finally be free?!
ナレーション: Meanwhile, Charlie, who fled after getting injured, kneeled before a man and presented him with a photo...
？？？: Hm? This is...
charlie: How do you like it, Lord Daniel? It's a candid photo 
charlie: taken with a magic camera during the show in the capital.
daniel: I can feel the passion of the show and the energy of 
daniel: the young girls in this photo... Excellent work, Charlie!
daniel: Such outstanding talent... The sheer innocence of their act is simply breathtaking...
daniel: I've made up my mind!
daniel: Starting today, I shall pursue Lia!
daniel: And Charlie, who do you—
charlie: Cielo!
daniel: You didn't let me finish. So you're serious about her, eh? Such a sinful man...
daniel: These Axel Hearts dancers are as lovely as goddesses. For the sake of my plan, I must have them...
