A New Deal for These Dancers! - P3
ナレーション: After their concert in Axel, Axel Hearts began their tour. Kazuma proposed they visit the Crimson Demon Village...
lia: Greetings, fair people of the Crimson Demon Village!
Axel Hearts: We're a dancer unit the likes of which comes along only once in a 1,000 years! Axel Hearts!!!
kazuma: Okay, stop. We're stopping the rehearsal.
kazuma: What do you think so far, Crimson Demon test audience member Arue?
arue: It was pretty rough, overall. It's a good thing this was only a rehearsal.
megumin: Their songs resonate with me, but it's missing something...\n
megumin: It needs to be more...explosive.
kazuma: You come to the Crimson Demon Village just to say the\n
kazuma: same stuff... Yunyun, Komekko, what do you think?
ynyn: I-I thought they were cute and lovely, but...
komekko: It was weird.
kazuma: Oof, kids can be vicious.
lia: The people in Axel seemed to enjoy it. To think the reaction would be so different here...
kazuma: So we have to change the act to fit the venue and audience.\n
kazuma: It's a good thing we realized this now.
kazuma: I asked Arue and Komekko to watch the rehearsal so I could hear their thoughts and make adjustments.
arue: Adjustments, yes... Then please allow me to speak frankly. There is one crucial thing you're all lacking.
cielo: ...We're still too shy? We need to be bolder?
arue: Bolder, huh? Hm, I'd give you a score of 60 points.
lia: Should we plan out our introductions more?
arue: So close, yet so far... You're getting close to the root of the problem.
erica: I know! The cutest person in the group—me, naturally—should play the central role... Is that it?
arue: Yeeeaaah, no. Not happening.
megumin: You're not getting it, so I'll just tell you. What Lia's group's 
megumin: lacking is...
megumin: COOLNESS!!!
erica: Coolness?! We're dancers! Talking about being cool when we're trying to be cute...
megumin: Then I shall prove the very truth of my words to you right here and now!
megumin: Observe! This is how you pierce the hearts of an entire audience in one fell swoop!
megumin: Behold, it is I, Megumin! Master arch wizard and wielder of powerful explosion magic!
arue: I'm no longer just the bustiest Crimson Demon; now I'm also one of their most promising authors!
komekko: I'm Komekko, the devilish little sister of the Crimson Demons! I'm stronger than even a general in the Devil King's army!
ynyn: M-M-My name is...um...
megumin: What are you so embarrassed about, Yunyun?!\n
megumin: You call yourself the chief's daughter?!
komekko: Looks like Yunyun's not up to it. You a loner or something?
ynyn: I-I'm not a loner! 
ynyn: It's just that...
arue: If you can do this introduction, you'll definitely be able to make friends...right?
ynyn: F-Friends?!
ynyn: Behold, it is I, Yunyun! The foremost spellcaster of the Crimson Demons and future chieftain of the village!
kazuma: That's literally what she always says!
kazuma: Damned Crimson Demons, always showing off. I bet they're just craving attention after watching the rehearsal.
cielo: It's certainly got more impact than our introduction...\n
cielo: Now to come up with one the Crimson Demons will like.
ナレーション: A few hours later...
？？？: I thought I'd check this place out after hearing there'd be rare items around...
？？？: but what's with this place?!
？？？: The sword in the stone and the god of the cat ears shrine were filled with nothing but junk... 
？？？: Huh?
megumin: Wrong! Like this! Pay attention to the angle of your elbow!
lia: B-Behold, it is I, Lia! The town of Axel's greatest—
kazuma: Keep going, you three. Your success in the Crimson Demon Village is riding on it.
？？？: What's going on here?
lia_stage: Thank you so much, everyone!
erica_stage: We hope to see you all at another one of our shows!
megumin: Everything worked out in the end. And it seems the villagers liked the show.
kazuma: Good thing, too. 
kazuma: The theatrics were just for the Crimson Demons, though.
arue: Now THAT was a production! The explosion effects alone were amazing.
kazuma: Well, that's because we really did blow something up\n
kazuma: backstage. Or to put it another way...
megumin: That...felt amazing... That might've been the first one worth a hundred points in a while!
kazuma: I was worried whether it'd work, but I'm glad it went well. Thanks for the help.
lia: Kazuma! Everyone!
kazuma: Nice work. What a great show.
lia: It was all thanks to everyone's help. I was skeptical at first, but I'm glad we listened to you, Kazuma.
lia: To express my gratitude, may I...shake your hand?
kazuma: Of course, Lia!
erica: M-Me too! Thank you, Kazuma!
cielo: Me too! 
cielo: EEEEEEEEEK!!!
kazuma: Whoa, that was close...
lia: You dodged Cielo's right hook?!
kazuma: Of course. I'm not some light novel protagonist who falls for the same trick every time.
kazuma: At this rate, meet-and-greet events will be hard for Cielo... This may affect our merchandise sales too.
kazuma: Boost their popularity, put tickets in the merchandise,\n
kazuma: sell lots of gear... We've got our work cut out for us.
ナレーション: After their successful performance, Kazuma and Lia's group headed to the next town with much on their minds...
