A New Deal for These Dancers! - P1
ナレーション: Kazuma asked the blacksmith to let him make something using his shop...
kazuma: All right, that should do it.
kajiya: When you asked to use my workshop, I thought you'd make yourself a new sword, but...
kajiya: what's that glowing stick for?
kazuma: This is called a "glow stick." In my country, you light them 
kazuma: up and wave them around to cheer people on.
kajiya: Who would want something like that?
kazuma: Who wouldn't? People'll buy anything that'd help them catch their idol's eye—even if it's only for a few seconds!
kazuma: Towels or jackets with the group's name on them are also pretty popular.
aqua: Hey, Kazuma. I brought that stack of papers you asked for.
kazuma: Awesome! Now put "Meet-and-Greet Ticket" and the official seal on the front, and add the disclaimers on the back.
aqua: Meet-and-greet tickets, huh? Like the ones you get when you buy an idol's CD in Japan?
kazuma: Exactly! I've got some other ideas for what we'll need for the show...and for swag we can sell to the fans!
kazuma: Idols back home had to ruthlessly compete for the spotlight. But here, dancers are lucky if they can fill a small theater.
kazuma: With my expertise, they'll be selling out entire arenas in no time! We're gonna make so much money!
kajiya: I don't understand a lick of this. But whatever it is, it's making Kazuma sound pretty sleazy.
aqua: The debt is making him lose it. But I do get where he's coming from...\n
aqua: Well, most of the time at least...
kazuma: Oh! We should get a spotlight! That'll REALLY liven up the stage!\n
kazuma: A producer's work never ends...
kazuma: I should also prepare some merch... Maybe, like, towels and jackets...? You know what, I'll just ask Lia's group for their opinion after I'm done!
kazuma: Now then! I made some prototype merch for our dancers. What do you think?
erica: What do we think...? 
erica: First of all, what is this "merch" even used for?
kazuma: It's so fans can support you. Or even feel closer to you! It depends on the person, really.
cielo: Um... Do you think people will really want this stuff?
kazuma: Of course they will. After all, your fans 
kazuma: absolutely adore you.
kazuma: Who wouldn't want a photo of their favorite idol? Just imagine...a cute, smiling face always there to brighten your day. You get it, right?
erica: C-Cute? 
erica: Straightforward as always, Kazuma! I can definitely see 
erica: why our fans would want something from me.
kazuma: Totally! Think of merch as a way of announcing to the world how cute you are. And that's only the beginning.
kazuma: ...Anyway, I'd like to discuss this with you a bit more.
erica: Well, if you're going to twist my arm... I'll brew us some tea so we can have a nice long chat!
kazuma: Huh? I just realized, where's Lia?
cielo: I think she's still asleep in her room...
kazuma: This is a serious matter that affects your futures. Go wake her up!
cielo: Lia, are you still sleeping?
erica: Kazuma has something to talk to us about. Wake up, Lia!
kazuma: Wouldn't it be faster to go in her room and wake her up?
cielo: Y-You can't! Lia's room is—
kazuma: Hahaha, you're all so shy!
kazuma: Helloo? Mr. Kazuma here with your wake-up call—\n
kazuma: WHAAAAAAAAA—?!?!
erica: Cielo tried to stop you...
kazuma: Empty bottles and candy wrappers everywhere...\nAnd that bowl of soup...I think something's growing in there!
lia: *Yawn* Hm? Cielo? Erika?
cielo: Good morning, Lia. Kazuma wants to talk to us...
lia: Oh, Kazuma. Good morning...\nWhy are you standing there like that? Take a seat.
kazuma: Take a seat...? Where?! There's barely room to stand!\nShe may look prim and proper, but she can't even clean her room...
erica: *Sigh* You left your underwear lying around...
lia: Huh?! No no no no, this is so embarrassing...
kazuma: You should be more ashamed of this mess!
kazuma: Aaaaaanyway... 
kazuma: I have something important to discuss with you.
cielo: Lia! The snacks you left out are crawling with ants!\n
cielo: Please throw them away!
lia: What's the problem? Ants need to eat too.
kazuma: I-I have something important to—
erica: Hey, this drink's gone bad! No wonder the house stinks lately... Dump it out right now!
lia: I-It's not that big a deal, is it? Look, I'll make sure to clean on my next day off...
kazuma: This is going nowhere! Do it now! I'll even help you!
ナレーション: A few hours later...
cielo: Oh my, what a change!
cielo: Lia's garbage dump of a room has transformed into a room fit for a maiden!
lia: Wow, it's like it's not even my room...
kazuma: I won't ask you to clean it all the time, but at least keep it clean enough for people to come over...
cielo: This room is so clean! Amazing! Please feel free to stop by whenever you like!
kazuma: Hey, I didn't come here today to clean. I came here to make you girls famous—
erica: Really? And here I thought you were just a gloomy, greedy man. Maybe you're not so bad after all.
kazuma: I'm a bit shocked that you ever thought of me that way to begin with.
kazuma: Well, now that you think better of me, let's talk business.\n
kazuma: I'm going to be your produ—
lia: Huh... Hey, Kazuma... I don't see my stuffed animal anywhere! Where did you put Konjiro?!
ナレーション: Opening her closet and drawers, Lia threw the clothes that were just put away back onto her bed...
kazuma: What are you doing?! We just put those away!\n
kazuma: I washed your stuffed animal and hung it outsi—
kazuma: LISTEN TO MEEE!!! 
kazuma: I'm not your housekeeper! I came here to be your producer!
Lia, Cielo ＆ Erica: Pro-doocer?
kazuma: That's right! I'm going to turn you into the 
kazuma: best dance group in the world!
