A New Deal for These Dancers! - P4
ナレーション: Kazuma's party journeyed to Arcanretia, the city of water and hot springs, for their next performance...
erica: So, this is Arcanretia! This place looks like fun!
kazuma: Fun, huh? I thought that, too, once upon a time.
lia: I was worried when Megumin refused to join us, but this town seems nice.
kazuma: She's probably still traumatized from our last visit.
cielo: Aqua's familiar with this town, too, right? It would've been nice if she joined us, too...
kazuma: No, it wouldn't. She'd just cause trouble.\n
kazuma: I intentionally left her behind.
darkness: Let's work hard for Aqua and Megumin! I will help any way I can! Event security? Selling merchandise? Use me as you please!
kazuma: I like where your head's at, Darkness. Just make sure to put your Eris symbol somewhere no one will see it.
darkness: Never!
kazuma: Do you want kids to throw rocks at you again?
darkness: It would be my pleasure!
kazuma: So that's why you've been fidgeting since we got to town! Put it away! It'll hurt our sales!
cielo_stage: W-We'll be selling our official merchandise soon. If you're interested...
erica_stage: Please buy our photos and towels!
lia_stage: Thank you so much for coming out today!
ナレーション: Applause and cheers echoed through the air as the trio took a bow after their announcement...
darkness: Sadly, the peformance ended without incident.
kazuma: It's not over until it's over. We can't let our guard down just yet. This is Arcanretia, after all...
Axis Follower A: Wow, now THAT was a performance. Axel Hearts, right?
Axis Follower A: You're really cute... The cutest girl I've ever seen!
erica_stage: Did you say the cutest?! Hehe, the people in this 
erica_stage: town have good taste!
Axis Follower A: But your skin's a little rough... I know! Here, take this soap. If you use it, you'll be even cuter!
kazuma: Yuuup, there it is...
cielo_stage: No, we can't accept that. I'd feel bad...
Axis Follower A: Don't worry, just think of it as a present from a devoted fan. And between you and me...it's edible!
lia_stage: W-Well...
kazuma: Okay, okay! We'll give the girls your presents later. Please give them to this blonde lady.
Axis Follower A: Is this girl a member of the Eris faith?
darkness: That's right. You can give your presents to me.
Axis Follower A: Pfft! I can't trust a disciple of Eris with this!
darkness: Ngh! 
darkness: Such derogatory looks! And their words—!
kazuma: That's why I told you to put that thing away!\n
kazuma: Hurry, it's not too late!
darkness: Absolutely not!
kazuma: Why now of all times...? This better not affect our sales!
erica_stage: Attention, please! Come and get a photo of me—Erika! And be sure to get a meet-and-greet ticket, too!
cielo_stage: A towel and photo, right? Thank you very much! You even bought one of me...
lia_stage: Thanks for your support... The meet-and-greet will start soon, so please wait a little longer.
darkness: Please form two lines! Items with meet-and-greet tickets are sold here!
Axis Follower B: Pft! I refuse to listen to a disciple of Eris!
darkness: Ahhh! 
darkness: Being treated like this when I try to help my friends... 
darkness: It's exhilarating!
kazuma: I'm still kinda worried, 
kazuma: but so far, so good. And thankfully, the merch was finished on time.
kazuma: Looks like we're in the black. I knew the meet-and-greet tickets would be popular; if I make more, we'll double our profits!
Mother: Listening to you sing soothed my heart, Lia. Your voice is as pure and clear as Aqua's own!
lia_stage: Th-Thank you. I'm a bit embarrassed...
Girl: Erika! You were so sparkly and cute! I'm definitely a fan now.
erica_stage: Aw, how precious♪ Just for that, you get an extra photo—on me!
Girl: Hey, what's the difference between the stuff with a meet-and-greet ticket and the stuff without one?
cielo_stage: Well, if you buy the stuff with a meet-and-greet ticket, you can participate in the meet-and-greet after this.
Girl: You mean I'd get to shake your hand?! I wanna do that!
Mother: We can't. We don't have time to participate in the meet-and-greet, or the money to buy something with a ticket...
erica_stage: Y-You can just shake my hand here...
Girl: No, it's okay. Everyone else bought one... I'd feel bad if I was the only one who got to without paying for it.
Girl: But...can I have your autograph instead, Erika? I don't have an autograph board, but you can use this paper.
erica_stage: Of course! Now, for a pen—
kazuma: DON'T LET HER FOOL YOU!!! That's an application to join the Order of Axis!
erica_stage: *Sob sob* That was so scary. I almost joined their cult...
kazuma: If I leave Erika alone, she might get herself recruited. Maybe I should have Darkness work the crowd...
kazuma: *Sigh* And there's still a problem with the meet-and-greet.
lia_stage: A problem?
kazuma: Yeah, a big one. Watch—Cielo, shake my hand.
cielo_stage: Noooooo!!!
kazuma: Urk! ...To think she'd throw a feint at the face and go for the body... No way I could dodge that.
kazuma: It looks like your fear of men hasn't gotten better, Cielo. Hmm... Maybe you could shake hands if you wore gloves?
cielo_stage: M-Maybe if I wore 50 pairs...
kazuma: That'd be more like a boxing glove... That settles it, then. 
kazuma: Profit comes first! Put on 50 pairs and shake some hands!
kazuma: I'm counting on you, Darkness, if anything happens.
lia_stage: ...Huh? Where IS Darkness, anyway?
Boy: Take that! Filthy Eris disciple!
darkness: Ah, no... P-Please, stop!
erica_stage: Those Order of Axis kids are throwing rocks at her.
kazuma: A-Are you okay, Darkness?!
darkness: I'm fine! Isn't this town wonderful? *Pant pant*\n
darkness: I've decided to stay here for a while!
kazuma: Suit yourself, you worthless knight! ...Damn, now I'm\n
kazuma: the only one left to work the crowd!
？？？: Hmm...
？？？: What are you looking at, Mia?
miia: I was just thinkin' people from the city sure are full of energy. I wonder if it's 'cause they eat so much meat.
？？？: You must be hungry, huh... We'll get food once these\n
？？？: veggies sell. Can you wait a bit longer, Mia?
miia: Got it! I'll keep at it!
ナレーション: Meanwhile, while waiting for the meet-and-greet, a lone man on a street corner gazed at photos of the dancers...
Passerby: She's so lovely! Truly, the type of talent you only see once in a\nthousand years! 
Passerby: No, once in 10,000 years!
Passerby: I must report this to Lord Daniel!
Dancer Fan A: The Axel Hearts show was amazing! I hear they're going to the capital next!
Dancer Fan B: Damn... If only I had more money saved up, I'd follow those girls all the way to the capital!
Passerby: The capital, huh... If they're going to the capital, it could be their greatest performance yet. 
Passerby: I can't miss it!
ナレーション: At the time, Kazuma's group was unaware of the danger approaching from afar...
