A New Deal for These Dancers! - P5
ナレーション: Following countless hours of training, Kazuma's group made its way to the capital...
erica: The capital sure does have a big gate!
cielo: Well, the king himself lives here, so it and countless soldiers are needed to fend off the Devil King's army.
kazuma: You know your stuff, Cielo. Have you been here before?
lia: Of course she has—Cielo is of noble birth.
kazuma: I see, a noble... 
kazuma: Wait, what? Cielo's a noble?! There's no way she can make it in high society if she's gonna keep sending men flying!
erica: Hey, it's rude to talk about a girl like that.
cielo: No, it's fine... He's right, I do tend to get rather...violent at times. Besides, high society really is impossible for me.
cielo: I was raised as a boy to be a fitting successor, but the other nobles told me to be more delicate.
kazuma: So her fear of men was caused by bullying... She's sure had it rough.
kazuma: The capital is a big city, so expect a lot more male guests. Be extra careful not to get violent with them.
kazuma: The show is in two days! Before and after the show, we'll be selling plenty of merch. 
kazuma: So let's make some money!
erica_stage: We're having a show and fan meet-up in a few days! Please come check us out!
Fan A: I'm rooting for you, Erika! I want one of each of the photos that come with a meet-and-greet ticket!
erica_stage: Please buy this towel too! Thank you for your purchase!
kazuma: Oooh, look at how naturally she got them to add a towel to their order. Erika's got a real gift for this business.
lia_stage: Selling stuff is exhausting. And it's a little...
cielo_stage: I know what you mean, Lia. We're dancers, so we have to give it our all on stage, but...
kazuma: You two need to stop slacking off. I mean, just look at how hard Erika is working!
kazuma: The shows and meet-and-greets have been nearly sold out 
kazuma: for two days now. The fans are counting on you!
cielo_stage: Kazuma is right. Our audience is waiting for us.
lia_stage: That's right. As dancers, we can't let our fans down. Let's give them the best performance ever!
erica_stage: Of course! Let's show them we're the cutest thing they've ever seen!
kazuma: The group's popularity is up, people are buying plenty of meet-and-greet tickets, and our sales are doing great... 
kazuma: Perfect!
kazuma: It took a lot of money to develop the merch, but at this rate, we'll be in the black! All that touring totally paid off!
kazuma: ...Now, it's almost showtime. 
kazuma: Are you ready?
Axel Hearts: Thanks for coming today! We'll see you again tomorrow!
ナレーション: Axel Hearts gave a deep bow as the audience cheered. The first day's show ended, and the meet-and-greet event began...
Fan A: My dearest Erika! Can you do an introduction just for me?
erica_stage: If you insist... 
erica_stage: All the cuteness in the world wrapped in a single package!\n
erica_stage: 1,000% pure cuteness? That's me, Erika!
Fan B: Lia, the show today was the best! I've been following you ever since you were in Axel!
lia_stage: Really? I'm flattered. 
lia_stage: But coming this far... You didn't have to do that.
Fan C: C-Cielo! You're just as cute and petite up close as you are on stage!
cielo_stage: Th-Thank you... Ahahaha!
Fan C: Even with these thick gloves, getting to shake your hand is like a dream come true!\nCielo is right in front of me!
kazuma: Okay, time's up. Thank you very much. Next... Hey you, no cutting in line!
kazuma: *Sigh* It's tough managing this many people by myself. Maybe I should have asked Aqua and the gang for help?
cielo_stage: P-Please stop!
Male Fan: What's the meaning of this? I just bought a product containing a Cielo meet-and-greet ticket!
Male Fan: I have the right to shake her hand! Not with these thick gloves, but her bare skin!
kazuma: My apologies, sir. If I could direct your attention to the note on the back of the ticket...
Male Fan: Shut up! Now, take off those gloves!
cielo_stage: I-I can't!
kazuma: Sir! Hands off the dancers, please!
Male Fan: I'm here to meet them.
cielo_stage: NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
Male Fan: AAAGGGH!!!
kazuma: Sir, are you okay?! Hey, calm down, Cielo!
kazuma: !
kazuma: !
cielo_stage: STAY BAAACK!!!
kazuma: Aaargh!
kazuma: Damn, I can't handle this by myself! If only I had Darkness or Megumin here with me!
lia_stage: Cielo! C-Calm down!
cielo_stage: Ah... I'm sorry, Kazuma! I just...
kazuma: Forget about me. Just focus on the customers!
erica_stage: U-Um... Are you okay? Cielo didn't mean you any harm. Please don't hate us...
Male Fan: Of course I don't hate you! This intense violence...\n
Male Fan: It's so passionate!
cielo_stage: Umm... Uhh... Is this guy...
erica_stage: Yeah, it seems he's quite the masochist...
kazuma: No, look! His body is changing color!
Male Fan: You're so shockingly violent... Even with a fan like meee...
lia_stage: This guy is a troll! A monster disguised itself as a human?!
charlie_troll: Don't call me a troll! My name is Charlie!
charlie_troll: All of this makes me like you even more! I won't stop until Cielo is mine!
Fan C: Eek! I-It's a m-m-m-monster!
Fan D: Run for your lives!
kazuma: That selfish jerk! Now the performance is ruined!
kazuma: Hey, Cielo. There's no need to hold back against that guy. Beat him senseless!
cielo_stage: G-Got it!
kazuma: Lia, Erika! You ready?
erica_stage: Ready or not, we gotta do it.
lia_stage: Ruining our show like that... I'll make him pay for this!
kazuma: Here he comes!
charlie_troll: GYAAAAAAGHHH!!!
