A Break-In at This Impregnable Vault! - P3
ナレーション: To convince Melissa to join his party, Kazuma held Chomusuke on his lap...
melissa: How exactly does stealing my techniques help Chommy?!
kazuma: The truth is, Chomusuke was abused by her previous owner.
melissa: What?!
kazuma: We rescued Chomusuke and adopted her. Back then, she was so thin and her fur was falling out.
kazuma: And these wings... Isn't it strange for a cat to have wings? 
kazuma: Her previous owner forced them on her... *Sob*
melissa: S-So that's her story... No wonder she's such a strange cat.
kazuma: We really want to turn Chomusuke back into a normal cat, 
kazuma: but the operation to remove her wings costs a lot. 
kazuma: So...
melissa: So that's why you want to learn my techniques.
kazuma: Exactly. It'd be faster to just steal the money we need...  
kazuma: but Chomusuke wouldn't like that.
kazuma: I need to make some honest money if I'm to return Chomusuke to normal. 
kazuma: She's like family, after all!
melissa: I'm...sorry for calling you trash. You obviously care a lot about little Chommy...
melissa: No one who's so nice to animals could be a bad person. 
melissa: Cats and dogs have always hated me...
kazuma: Well, they say animals can sense a person's true nature.
chomu: Meow?!
kazuma: Ow, Chomusuke's clawing at me! Ouch! Owowowow!
melissa: Chommy is one of the few cats that like me. For her, I'll do anything.
kazuma: Y-You mean—?!
melissa: I'll teach you how I work. In other words, I'm giving you a master class in treasure hunting.
melissa: Think of me as your teacher when we're on the job. And whatever your teacher says, goes.
kazuma: Yes, ma'am! Okay, let's get to work!
melissa: Wait. 
melissa: You must let me pet Chommy first.
melissa: This job'll be particularly difficult. We're after a gem that a nobleman acquired through less-than-noble means.
melissa: It used to belong to a client, and it's being held in a casino vault in Elroad. Our goal is to get it back.
melissa: Security is tight, so we'll need to sneak in. Once we've\n
melissa: done that, we can seize the gem and the rest of the treasure.
darkness: Huh? Wait a minute... If you take the rest of the treasure, that's not treasure hunting. That's treasure steal— 
melissa: No, it's a treasure hunt. Got a problem with that?
aqua: Nope! If they got that stuff through shady means, then they have no right to complain if we take it!
megumin: Punishing the wicked for the sake of the world...\n
megumin: I like that. I like that a lot!
kazuma: What's gotten into you, Megumin? You're TOO into this.
megumin: Oh, come on! Sneaking into a casino sounds so cool! This is gonna be exciting...
megumin: Elroad. The city that never sleeps.
megumin: The treasure hunters were ready to make their move on the impregnable black fortress towering over this grimy city...
melissa: It's time to move. Aqua, Megumin, Darkness, you ready? 
aqua: Of course! Security may be tight, but there's no place we can't sneak into!
darkness: If we're caught, we'll face unspeakable acts of torture. Succeed or fail, this will be fun!
megumin: There's no way we'll get caught... 
megumin: For it is I, Megumin! Wielder of explosion magic and master treasure hunter!
megumin: Ahhhhhh, not bad! Being a treasure hunter ain't bad at all!
melissa: I hate to burst your bubble, but this job isn't as exciting as you think.
kazuma: Ignore her. She's daydreaming.
melissa: Whatever. I take it none of you have been on a treasure hunt before? If we're working together, I have some conditions.
melissa: First, my orders are final. Also, don't even try to lie to me. 
melissa: I hate people who defy me.
melissa: Finally, I decide your share based on how hard you work. Do you accept these conditions?
kazuma: Yeah, of course! So, what's the plan? 
melissa: I'll tell you once we get to Elroad. We leave in three days. Everyone, make sure you're ready.
aqua: Hey, enough with the serious stuff. How about a toast to us, for working together?
melissa: You're right. This is the first time I've 
melissa: been in a party.
kazuma: Waitress! We'll have four orders of bubbly and one juice!
megumin: Aw, I wanted some bubbly, too...
ナレーション: After dinner, Kazuma's group parted ways with Melissa outside of the tavern and headed home...
kazuma: Curse that woman! She made me pay her tab...
kazuma: even though SHE's the one with the money.
aqua: Aren't you the one who asked her to team up? Consider it the cost of doing business.
kazuma: That's true, but... 
kazuma: Hm?
lia: Oh? If it isn't Kazuma and his companions.
darkness: You're working at this hour? You dancers sure have it rough.
cielo: We were talking to the manager about our schedule. It's hard work, but you know we love it.
erica: We have more fans now. We might take our show on the road again soon.
megumin: You look just as happy as I feel after using explosion magic. It's nice to find something so fulfilling, isn't it?
lia: Yes, it's certainly fulfilling. But...
kazuma: Huh? Is something bothering you?
lia: I wouldn't go that far, but it's just...a strange person has been coming to our shows lately...
kazuma: Strange, how?
lia: Well, a lot of people from around town come to our shows every day, but there's just something off about this one...
kazuma: There are lots of weirdos out there who aren't fans.\n
kazuma: Just look at the Axis faithful.
lia: You're right. Maybe I'm worrying over nothing.
aqua: Hey! I'd appreciate it if you didn't badmouth my followers so much!
lia: I-I'm sorry. I didn't mean it like that.
kazuma: Well, don't let it stress you out. You've got a show tomorrow, right? Good luck.
lia: Thanks. I'll send you an invitation, so come by sometime.
kazuma: A show, huh? It'd be nice to go to one again. But first thing's first—got to learn how to hunt for treasure and pay off my debts.
ナレーション: Three days later, Kazuma's group got up bright and early. With a renewed sense of resolve, they set out for Elroad with Melissa by their side...
