A Break-In at This Impregnable Vault! - P6
ナレーション: After defeating the monster guarding the vault and securing the gem, Kazuma's group teleported back to Axel...
melissa: Ah, what a beautiful necklace. A perfect complement for my own beauty.
kazuma: Phew. That was easier than expected!
kazuma: We got to punish a corrupt nobleman AND score some treasure to boot. 
kazuma: Talk about a great job!
melissa: Now then, time to get this jewel to the client.\n
melissa: I suppose I'll sell the rest of this treasure to the shop.
kazuma: How much do you think we'll get?
melissa: Let's see, rough estimate... 
melissa: About thirty million Eris?
Aqua, Megumin ＆ Darkness: Th-thirty million?!
melissa: But scouting the casino and guard shifts, and obtaining the explosives... That's about ten million in expenses.
kazuma: Still, that's twenty million. If we split it down the line, that's ten million each!
melissa: Split it? I'm sure I told you beforehand...\n
melissa: I decide the shares based on how hard you work.
kazuma: You did mention that... But we did a lot too!\n
kazuma: Like using my Lurk skill, and defeating the golem.
melissa: Negative one million Eris.
kazuma: What? A million?
melissa: Didn't you hear me? Minus one million Eris. You need to pay up.
aqua: Why? We did a ton of work! I'm sore from using Nature's Beauty so much!
megumin: I didn't use any explosion magic, even though I really wanted to!
darkness: Y-Y-You even made me do something humiliating!
melissa: You were the ones who broke your word. I told you from the beginning—don't lie to me.
melissa: Firstly, my orders are final. Also, absolutely no deception.\n
melissa: I hate people who defy me.
kazuma: Lies, what lies did we... 
kazuma: ...Huh?!
melissa: We? It was mainly you, Kazuma. Megumin told me everything.
kazuma: I want to earn money in a respectable way, so I can return Chomusuke to normal. 
kazuma: Because she's like family!
megumin: Normal? Chomusuke has always had wings.
melissa: You were lying about Chommy, weren't you?
kazuma: No, I wouldn't call it a lie. It's mostly a lie, but not actually a total lie...
melissa: Didn't I tell you that I hate liars? And that I hate being used?
melissa: And yet you still lied to me and tried to use me.\n
melissa: Your reward is negative one million Eris. Think of it as... payment for a lesson learned.
kazuma: D-Damn you! You played us!
melissa: You played yourself. If you learned anything 
melissa: from this, you'll stop lying all the time.
melissa: If you do, then I'll reconsider the shares.\n
melissa: Give my regards to Chommy.
kazuma: Wait, Melissa! How about just a little...
aqua: Kazuma, what's the meaning of this?
megumin: We didn't just work for free, we actually owe more now...
darkness: A-A-And I had to do something so humiliating! Writhing around in front of somebody like that!
aqua: Kazuma, you have to pay the one million Eris yourself. And you need to pay us our shares, too!
kazuma: Hey, wait! I just thought I was doing the right thing to help repay our debt!
megumin: You reap what you sow. Maybe you shouldn't have used Chomusuke like that!
kazuma: Damn it!
questFail: Quest:
Break into the vault




and pilfer the treasure.
Break into the vault




and pilfer the treasure.
melissa: So...we meet again, boy.
Boy: Ah, you're that treasure hunter lady...
melissa: Did you find your mom's necklace?
Boy: No, I don't know where it went. So I'm saving up my allowance until I can hire you.
melissa: Still nothing but a handful of coins, huh? Well, I could use some change. Gimme one, okay?
Boy: What? N-No! I'm working hard to save up!
melissa: Just give it to me. 
melissa: In exchange, you can have this.
Boy: This...necklace?! Miss...
melissa: It's a bit too flashy for me. So that'll be one Eris, okay?
Fan A: Well, if it isn't Daniel. Waiting for the dancers again? That's some serious dedication.
daniel: Indeed. I must support Lia after all.
Fan B: Incredible! Your feelings for Lia are like a towering inferno!
Fan C: I won't be outdone. I need to do more to show my undying love for Erika!
daniel: There are no winners or losers when it comes to love.\n
daniel: There are many ways to support someone. Isn't that grand?
Fan A: Daniel, you're an inspiration to all of us fans!
daniel: Our looks and lives may differ, but our feelings are one!\n
daniel: Axel Hearts are the best!
Fans: Axel Hearts are the best!
wiz: So it was the dancer fans... I was wondering what the commotion was about.
wiz: Huh? Could that person over there be... Daniel?
daniel: Lia's the best! Axel Hearts are the best!
wiz: No, there's no way Daniel would be in a place like this.\n
wiz: But it does look just like him...
ナレーション: With doubt lingering in Wiz's heart, the night grew late in Axel...
