A Break-In at This Impregnable Vault! - P2
ナレーション: Melissa was walking down the street in high spirits after turning in her gems when a little boy called out to her...
Boy: Excuse me, miss! Are you Melissa, the treasure hunter?!
melissa: That's right. What of it?
Boy: Please help me! I need you to get back my mom's stolen jewelry! 
Boy: My mom's devastated. That necklace was really important to her! It was really pretty, too, with a tear-shaped purple gem on it!
melissa: So you want me to go out and find it?\n
melissa: Just so you know, I don't work for free. 
Boy: Is this enough? I saved all my allowance for this...
melissa: There's nothing but coins here! Too bad, little boy. Go bother somebody else.
Boy: Y-You have to help me... Please, I don't have anyone else to turn to!
melissa: You're quite the pest. If it's that important, go find it yourself.\n
melissa: If you keep bothering me, you're gonna regret it. 
Boy: I'm sorry... *Sob*
kazuma: She made that kid cry. 
kazuma: I followed Melissa thinking I'd ask if she wanted to work together, but now I'm kind of scared.
kazuma: Earlier, she slapped a guy unconscious for hitting on her. Before that, she scared off an Axis recruiter with just a glance.
kazuma: I’m starting to have second thoughts about teaming up with her...
kazuma: But as a treasure hunter, she definitely has skills.
melissa: Who's there?
kazuma: Huh?! Did she see through my Lurk skill?!
Black Cat: Meow.
ナレーション: A black cat appeared from its hiding place in front of Kazuma and nuzzled Melissa's legs.
melissa: Th-This cat...
kazuma: Oh no! Is she gonna crush that cat under her foot, too?!
melissa: Meow, meow, meow! Meow that's what I call cute!
Black Cat: Meow.
melissa: Aww, your adowable widdle nose is wet! And your widdle ears are twitching!
kazuma: Huh? What's with her? Is that really the same woman who stepped on me earlier?
melissa: Aaah! Meow, meow, meeeow, meow? 
melissa: Meow, meow, meow? Meeeow! Meooow!\n
melissa: Hey, do you want to cuddle? Hmm, do you wanna cuddle?!
Black Cat: *Hiss*
melissa: Wait, come back!\n
melissa: ...I was going to feed him, too. Why do they always run?
melissa: I love cats and dogs sooo much... Why don't they love me back?!
kazuma: Yup. She's one of THOSE people. An individual who loves animals, but animals don't love them back. I feel kinda bad— 
kazuma: Hey, wait.
kazuma: I've got it! If I use her love of animals...
melissa: Hmm, none of these sound right...
kazuma: Are you perhaps looking for a high-reward quest? Melissa, the famed treasure hunter, right?
melissa: You a pervert or something?
kazuma: Of course not! We met at the guild the other day!
melissa: Ah, the trash...
kazuma: It's Kazuma Satou! Pleased to meet you!
melissa: Who cares? I have no interest in you. You don't look like you have any money.
kazuma: At least hear me out. I think it could be a good deal for both of us.
melissa: How many times do I have to say it? I'm not interested.
kazuma: How about now?
chomu: Meow.
melissa: Y-Yaaah! What's with this cute cat?\n
melissa: It's got wings!
chomu: Meow?
melissa: And she doesn't run away when I pet her!\n
melissa: Meow, who's a good widdle kitty cat?!
kazuma: Just as I thought! She latched on to Chomusuke!
melissa: She let me pet her. Maybe I can nuzzle her cheek, too.\n
melissa: Hey, what's this kitty's name?!
kazuma: Her name is Chomusuke. If you listen to what I have to say, I'll let you nuzzle her cheeks.
melissa: Really?! Okay! I'll listen! 
melissa: Hurry and get on with it already!
kazuma: It's settled then. 
kazuma: How about we talk back at my mansion?
melissa: Meow, meow! It's so cute how she wiggles her itty bitty wings!
chomu: Meow...
megumin: You're petting her too much! Chomusuke doesn't like it! Let her go!
melissa: No! I hardly ever find cats that let me pet them!
megumin: What's with the attitude? 
megumin: Kazuma! Who is this woman?!
kazuma: She's a highly skilled treasure hunter named Melissa. I brought her here to discuss business.
aqua: Business? Kazuma, are you up to something shady again? How about we just chip away at our debt instead...?
kazuma: Do you know how many decades that'll take?! Our only way out of this is by taking risks!
darkness: Kazuma, you shouldn't argue in front of our guest.
darkness: Melissa, correct? Would you like some tea?
melissa: Hmph. Took you long enough.
darkness: Ugh, she's cold and cruel, even to her hospitable hosts... 
darkness: Good job, Kazuma. Where did you find this stupendous individual?!
kazuma: This is going nowhere. 
kazuma: Hey, can you three leave for a bit? I'd like to get down to business. 
kazuma: Chomusuke can stay.
melissa: In a nutshell, you want to party up with me and do quests together?
kazuma: That's right. Just so you know, I've more than held my own against the Devil King's top generals. This would be win-win.
melissa: I doubt that. You'd want a cut of the profits, right? Sounds like I'd be losing something.
kazuma: Actually, you'll get bigger rewards than ever. My luck is unusually high, so we'd find even rarer gems.
kazuma: When I registered as an adventurer, they told me I'd be better off as a merchant. I can sell the gems we find.
kazuma: I'll use my cut to pay off my debts. But my real aim is to study how she works and copy her 
kazuma: methods for getting rich!
melissa: You're a man of many talents. 
melissa: But no deal. You're planning to steal my money-making techniques, aren't you?
kazuma: Damn, she knows!
melissa: I prefer to be the user, not the used. I have no intention of working for you.
kazuma: In that case, how about you do it for Chomusuke instead of for me?
chomu: Meow?
melissa: F-For Chommy?! What do you mean?!
kazuma: Calm down and drink your tea. 
kazuma: We have much to discuss.
