A Break-In at This Impregnable Vault! - P1
kazuma: *Sigh* This debt is like an unending nightmare... When will I wake up...?
ナレーション: Kazuma was slumped over his table at the guild, clutching a glass of bubbly. He'd been complaining since noon...
megumin: Kazuma, how long are you going to mope around like that?
darkness: Feeling sorry for yourself will do nothing for your debt. We should do a quest.
kazuma: I should be living a life of comfort, with a pair of beautiful stepsisters...
aqua: This is bad. He's completely cut himself off from reality.
megumin: How pathetic...
chomu: Meow.
megumin: See? Even Chomusuke agrees.\n
megumin: Let's do a quest where I can use my explosion magic.
kazuma: No way! I refuse to accept any quests! Do you have any idea how much debt I'm in?!
kazuma: The money from the kinds of quests we can take will never be enough, no matter how many we accept!
kazuma: So, until I can think up a way to make a small fortune... 
kazuma: I'm going to keep sleeping.
megumin: What are you—? Can you not roll on the ground like that? 
megumin: And stop fussing! You're such a child. Get up!
kazuma: I don't wanna. 
kazuma: Oww! What do you think you're doing?!
kazuma: Grab me however you like, but I'm not getting up. When I've made up my mind, nothing can change it.
aqua: Kazuma, you just keep lowering the bar, even by your standards.
darkness: Ooh... Even after such a tongue-lashing he refuses to move. 
darkness: I can't wait to see what Kazutrash does next!
aqua: Let's leave Kazutrash alone for now and get some food. I'm starving.
megumin: Yeah, let's leave Kazutrash here. It'll be good for him to cool off a bit.
kazuma: They really left me. What happened to that close bond we're supposed to share?
kazuma: Lia's group hasn't been too kind either. 
kazuma: I know a lot happened, 
kazuma: but they should at least give me a cut of the profits. 
kazuma: It's not like it was all bad!
kazuma: *Sigh* Why can't money fall from the sky—
kazuma: Ungh?!
Bold Woman: Hm? I seem to have stepped on something. Is it trash?
kazuma: Ngh, urgh!
Bold Woman: Oh my, does trash talk now?
kazuma: Who is this woman?! It's like she enjoys stepping on my face!
Bold Woman: What's that? You want me to step on you harder?
kazuma: Ngh! Get off me!
kazuma: You can't just walk on people like that! 
kazuma: Don't you know who I am?! I'm Kazuma! You know, the guy known for taking down 
kazuma: the Devil King generals?!
Bold Woman: Don't know, don't care.
Bold Woman: I don't have time to waste on maggots like you. I've got work to do.
kazuma: Hey, wait! I'm not done talkin—
Bold Woman: Is the receptionist here?
luna: Welcome! What can I help you with today?
Bold Woman: I'm here to collect the reward for the gem gathering quest. 
Bold Woman: Here's what I got.
luna: Y-You found all this?! 
luna: This is worth a lot! 
luna: This is amazing!
kazuma: So she's an adventurer who's gathered a lot of rare gems...\n
kazuma: She must really be something.
Bold Woman: Hehe, how much is it all worth?
luna: Thanks for waiting. Altogether, the gems you've brought in are worth seven million Eris.
kazuma: Seven million?!
Bold Woman: I thought they'd be worth at least 10 million. How disappointing.
kazuma: Hold up! Did she just scoff at seven million Eris?!
Bold Woman: Well, it'll have to do. Here's a token of my appreciation.
luna: I-I'm sorry! I'm unable to accept tips.\n
luna: I appreciate the sentiment though.
Bold Woman: You're diligent. I like that.\n
Bold Woman: Call me if something else comes up.
kazuma: Wow, she seems to be doing well for herself. Well enough to benefit me, in fact.
kazuma: And she's one sexy lady, too!
chris: Oh, hey Kazuma! Why are you standing around with your mouth open?
kazuma: Oh, Chris. Perfect timing. Do you know that woman\n
kazuma: who just left?
chris: Just now...? Do you mean Melissa? The one with long black hair? 
kazuma: Melissa, huh? She's pretty successful for someone from around here.
chris: She's an adventurer. Her class is ranger.
chris: Melissa's a famously skilled treasure hunter who wanders the world in search of big scores.
kazuma: A famously skilled treasure hunter?
kazuma: Not only that, but she's rich and sexy, too!
kazuma: That's it! Finally, a surefire way to eliminate my debt! Woohoo!
chris: Wait, Kazuma! Where are you going?
kazuma: I'm going after Melissa to ask her to join my party! 
chris: J-Join your party?! Good luck with that. She's a lone wolf who doesn't work with anyone.
kazuma: But there's no harm in trying, right?! If I can score a quest with someone as competent as her, I can kiss my debt goodbye!
kazuma: Melissa!! Wait for me!!
