Selling Vegetables with These Two Beastmen! - P4
miia: Waaaaaahhh! The corn... The cooorn!!
Amy: They were very cute, Mia.\nWe weren't gone very long, and yet this happened...
ナレーション: Holding the countless ears of corn in the snow, Mia and Amy wept openly...
kazuma_winter: The potatoes, the asparagus...even the radishes were mostly wiped out.
Mayor: Many snow sprites have appeared even though it's not winter. The extreme cold makes it hard to raise crops.
miia: This is too much... 
miia: My Celery is dead!
kazuma_winter: Huh? You mean that's not corn, it's celery?
Amy: No, it's corn. Mia named this one Celery and raised it with love.
kazuma_winter: Th-That's confusing...
Corn: Corn-corn...
Mayor: What few vegetables you see are all that remain. There's barely enough to feed ourselves, let alone sell.
Amy: It's heartbreaking to see them so weak...
Mayor: Let's eat the dead vegetables soon. It's all we can do to honor their memory.
kazuma_winter: Being lively or weak, holding memorial services... What is with the vegetables in this world?
kazuma_winter: Although, if I can just solve the problem of it being too cold to grow vegetables...
kazuma_winter: All right! I'm gonna show you how to grow your vegetables, even in the cold!
Amy: R-Really? 
Amy: But this is our problem. I'd hate to trouble you.
kazuma_winter: It's fine. In exchange, if this works... I'd like you to consider what we discussed earlier.
Mayor: That wholesale business? I don't mind, but how do you plan to resolve this?
kazuma_winter: Hehehe... Just let the mighty Kazuma handle it!
ナレーション: A few weeks after Kazuma's talk with the mayor, several greenhouses were erected in the village...
kazuma_winter: Thanks for the save, Vanir. And for coming all the way out from Axel.
banil: It is absurd for a mere human to give a demon orders.\n
banil: But I'll have no complaints if the negotiations succeed.
aqua_winter: Hmph. Don't make me laugh, you masked cheater!
banil: Must you always snap at me, you rabid dog of a goddess?!\n
banil: I'll make you pay for interfering with my business!
aqua_winter: Are you defying a goddess?! I won't allow this! I'll exterminate you like the cockroach you are!
kazuma_winter: We can't make a deal with you here. So shut up for a minute!
aqua_winter: Waaaaaahhh! Kazuma hit me!
megumin_winter: Is borrowing money from this demon 
megumin_winter: to build greenhouses really a good idea?
darkness_winter: Megumin is right. Who knows what will happen if you get any further in debt.
kazuma_winter: It's fine. Look how well the greenhouses are working! The vegetables are growing really fast.
miia: Hey, everybody! It's time for your water!
Amy: It's not cold anymore. Why don't you come out of the soil?
Radish: Radish!
Asparagus: Aspa-Asparagus!
ナレーション: As Mia and Amy called out, the vegetables crawled up from the earth and rushed over to the two of them...
Asparagus: Aspa-Asparagus!
miia: Ahahaha, that tickles! Yer such a friendly asparagus!
Amy: They were freezing to death, but now they're so healthy! It's all thanks to the greenhouses!
kazuma_winter: This isn't exactly how I imagined raising vegetables, 
kazuma_winter: but I'm glad they're growing so quickly.
Mayor: I thought we wouldn't be able to raise vegetables this year. I can't thank you enough, Kazuma!
kazuma_winter: There's no need to thank me. However, there is that little matter we discussed...
Mayor: Of course! Aside from what we need to eat, I promise to give you first wholesale rights to all our vegetables!
kazuma_winter: YES!!
darkness_winter: That's great, Kazuma! Now there's hope of repaying your debt.
miia: You're a weirdo for wantin' to buy our veggies, Kazuma.\n
miia: I'd rather eat your outsider food than these veggies.
kazuma_winter: You're naive, Mia. 
kazuma_winter: If I sell lots of vegetables and the village prospers, you can afford to buy lots of tasty food.
kazuma_winter: Then you can eat meat or steak or hamburgers or whatever else you want! 
miia: R-Really?! Can I have all the meat buns I want?
kazuma_winter: Of course! You can have anything you want, as long as you have money!
miia: Money is everything in this world!
megumin_winter: Kazuma! Mia's still pure and innocent. Stop teaching her about how awful the world is!
kazuma_winter: Hmm, the greenhouses are working well. If I want to increase the harvest, I need to expand.
banil: Are you sure? That would cost an awful lot.
kazuma_winter: By my calculations, these vegetables will sell even at ten times the price. Nobles might pay a premium.
kazuma_winter: We'll mass produce greenhouses and buy a ton of vegetables.\n
kazuma_winter: It's a calculated risk to repay my debt all at once!
banil: Mwahahaha, I like your spirit! 
banil: Just sign this contract and 
banil: we can begin construction of the additional greenhouses.
kazuma_winter: Certainly... Ka-zu-ma Sa-tou. There, signed.
banil: Our new contract is sealed. I look forward to working with you, my promising partner!
banil: As for a place to sell the goods, we can use that pathetic 
banil: shopkeeper's store. It's in a slump, so she should be pleased.
kazuma_winter: Wiz's shop, huh? It's better than selling them on the side 
kazuma_winter: of the road.\nOkay, we'll use her shop after the harvest!
ナレーション: Meanwhile...
daniel: Ah... Ahh... What exquisite beauty! It's wonderful, Charlie.
charlie: I am honored that you like it. It was worth working myself to the bone to find merchandise you would fancy.
daniel: The feelings evoked by this photograph... I can't resist those tantalizing feet!
daniel: I must have that dancer!
charlie: Oh, what a greedy man you are, Lord Daniel. Unsatisfied with observing, you now desire to possess her.
daniel: I do not mean to repeat myself. You understand, don't you, Charlie?
charlie: Yes, my lord! Leave it to me!
daniel: Hehe, I'm blessed to have such a skilled retainer in 
daniel: my service. Just you wait, Axel Hearts!
charlie: Lord Daniel! Lia may belong to you, but don't forget that Cielo is all mine!
