Selling Vegetables with These Two Beastmen! - P3
miia: Whoa! Lookit all that blood!
megumin_winter: Kazuma... Kazuma got himself killed again!
Amy: C-C-Calm down! Let's look for Kazuma's... Kazuma's head!
darkness_winter: When the Winter Shogun cut it off... I think it flew over there!
aqua_winter: If we don't hurry, I can't resurrect him! We need to move quickly!
ナレーション: While the group was busy trying to aid Aqua's resurrection, there was an awkward silence between Kazuma and Eris.
eris: U-Um... When you say you were looking forward to seeing me...
kazuma_jersey: Well, I mean...unlike my party members, I hardly ever get to see you.
kazuma_jersey: Sometimes I just want to see you...
eris: Wh-Wh-Whaaaaaat?!
kazuma_jersey: I've got her flustered. She's so cute! That's the reaction of a true main heroine!
kazuma_jersey: Dying isn't so bad if I get to see you, Eris! Ahahahaha!
eris: D-Don't say that! If you die, it's no easy task for your party to bring you back!
aqua: Hey, Kazuma! Can you hear me? We're ready to resurrect you now!
eris: You can only be brought back to life because of Aqua. It's usually impossible.
kazuma_jersey: Yeah, I know.
aqua: Are you okay? You safe?
kazuma_jersey: Safe...? 
kazuma_jersey: I'm dead! What about that makes you think I'm either okay or safe?!
aqua: How many times has this happened now? You should be used to it. We certainly are.
kazuma_jersey: She doesn't have to be rude about it... 
kazuma_jersey: Hold on. The only thing waiting for me is debt, so maybe I should just go to a new world.
aqua: Come on, I already cast Resurrection on you. Make Eris open the gate and get back here already.
kazuma_jersey: Yeah, about that... I don't wanna go back to that world.
Aqua ＆ Eris: What?
kazuma_jersey: Come on, I'm just drowning in debt and misery.
kazuma_jersey: I thought I'd sell the veggies from the beastman village to repay my debt. But if I don't go back, I don't have to pay.
aqua: What are you talking about? Who's gonna repay that debt if you're not here? Do you expect us to do it?!
aqua: Hey, padded goddess! Just open the gate and toss Kazuma's garbage butt back into this world!
eris: I-I-I-I'm not wearing pads!\n
eris: Don't just stand there Kazuma, do something!
kazuma_jersey: Ignore her, Eris. Just reincarnate me as the heir to a wealthy family with a pair of nice sisters.
aqua: Don't make me force you, Eris. I can always use the Order of Axis heretic purging spell on you.
aqua: "Eris uses pads in her—"
eris: Ahh, I'm sorry, Aqua! I'll send Kazuma back right away!
kazuma_jersey: Hey, wait—
eris: Keep this a secret, okay?
kazuma_winter: Ungh...
kazuma_winter: Huh? We should be in the middle of a snowy field, but my head is strangely warm. And I feel something soft...
Amy: Oh, you're awake!
kazuma_winter: Ah! Is this...someone's lap?!
Amy: How do you feel?
kazuma_winter: Very...soft.
megumin_winter: You recovered quickly for somebody who just died.
aqua: How long are you going to lay there? Get up already. You're bothering Amy!
Amy: This is all because Mia summoned the Winter Shogun. I'm truly sorry.
miia: You okay, Kazuma? Those snow sprites looked so tasty...
kazuma_winter: Ahaha, don't be like that, you two. After all...we're friends, aren't we?
kazuma_winter: Ugh... Even if I've been resurrected, I'm far from fully healed. Everything hurts...
Amy: Kazuma? A-Are you okay?!
kazuma_winter: Yeah, I'll be fine if I lie down for a bit longer. Can I use your lap?
darkness_winter: Aqua's an arch priestess and used Resurrection on you. Your body shouldn't be in any pain.
kazuma_winter: Ah nuts, she knows.
miia: Kazuma, our village is real close! Hang in there!
Amy: When we arrive, I'll introduce you to the mayor.
kazuma_winter: So this is the beastman village... It's smaller than 
kazuma_winter: I thought... First, I'll secure some vegetables!
miia: Kazuma! We brought the mayor!
Amy: This is Kazuma, the gentleman I told you about. He shared his food with Mia and has been very kind to us.
Mayor: Thank you for looking after Amy and Mia. Now then, what is it you wish to discuss?
kazuma_winter: It's a pleasure to meet you. My name is Kazuma Satou. I'm an adventurer from Axel.
kazuma_winter: You see, Mia and Amy fed me some of the vegetables that were grown in this village.
kazuma_winter: I was moved to tears by how good they were! 
kazuma_winter: Then it hit me. I want to share this flavor with as many people as possible!
Mayor: That's wonderful. You honor us with your praise.
kazuma_winter: So, I have a request to make... 
kazuma_winter: Would you allow me to buy all the vegetables grown by the beastmen?
kazuma_winter: Since the beastmen have trouble selling their veggies, I would like to offer you my assistance. 
kazuma_winter: Your village could use the extra money, right?
Amy: I see... That would benefit the village. And we wouldn't need to travel to sell them anymore.
miia: I know! That's called killing two birds with one stone!
kazuma_winter: That's right! So let's get—
Mayor: Indeed, that is a splendid proposal. However, it may be a tad difficult to do.
kazuma_winter: Eh? Why's that?
Mayor: It's quite simple, really. Even if we can sell them, we can't raise them properly right now.
Amy: The vegetables... Oh no!
ナレーション: While Amy struggled for words, the sound of the blizzard rattling the windows filled the room...
