Join This Prestigious Dance Contest! - P6
daniel_troll: Tch, you're pretty good... But it'll take more 
daniel_troll: than that to defeat me!
aqua: What do we do, Kazuma? He's pretty strong.
erica_stage: I can see why he was in the running to become a Devil King 
erica_stage: general. And he's not very cute, either.
darkness: He should be more brutish. If he's truly worthy of the Devil King's army, let's see him try to rip off my armor!
daniel_troll: Who cares how I look or how brutish I am! I'll shut those big mouths of yours!
kazuma: You're the one whose big mouth is gonna get shut!
daniel_troll: Huh? I sense a strange magical energy...
megumin: Darkness blacker than black and darker than dark, I beseech thee, combine with my deep crimson...
daniel_troll: What? Could this be...
lia_stage: We evacuated the audience and lured him out of town.\n
lia_stage: Everything's going according to Kazuma's plan.
cielo_stage: We don't need to worry about the people getting hurt.
kazuma: All right! Blow him away, Megumin!
megumin: Here goes... Strike forth!\n
megumin: EXPLOSION!!
daniel_troll: Aaaaaaghhh!
ナレーション: There was a thunderous roar as Daniel erupted in a massive column of fire, the smoke blotting out the sky above...
megumin: Ah, that felt great... Nice explosion.
kazuma: *Cough cough* 
kazuma: Nice work, Megumin! I'll come back for you later, so get some rest!
aqua: Well, that takes care of that. Is everyone all right?
cielo_stage: Yeah, I guess so.
erica_stage: Getting attacked by these beastly trolls over and over...\n
erica_stage: Ah, I knew it's a sin to be this cute!
darkness: I must admit, I found his gaze rather...alluring. Although I would've preferred him to be a bit more brutish.
lia_stage: Thank you, Kazuma. We owe you so much.
kazuma: We couldn't have defeated Daniel without you.
lia_stage: It's not just that. Passing the prelims, growing as dancers, deepening our bonds of friendship...
lia_stage: A lot has happened since we met, Kazuma...both good and bad. But I'm grateful all the same.
kazuma: Well, I am your producer. 
kazuma: There's no need to thank me. Just win the finals. That's the best way to repay me.
kazuma: I'm counting on you, Axel Hearts!
Axel Hearts: Yes, Producer!
daniel_troll: Hehehehe... That was quite a hit.
kazuma: Daniel?! He survived a direct hit from the explosion?!
darkness: Stay back, everyone! Wild beasts are even more dangerous when they're wounded. Ahh, I couldn't ask for a better opponent!
darkness: I never thought I'd use this technique on a lowly being. 
darkness: Go ahead, I can't wait to see your powerful secret move!
darkness: Use it to smash my armor and humiliate me before the masses!
daniel_troll: A typical crusader, boastful to the very end... 
daniel_troll: However, your plan to cover for your wounded allies is obvious.
darkness: *Gasp*
kazuma: Darkness, you've got that look in your eyes.
darkness: N-no, I most certainly do not!
daniel_troll: Your steady conviction is praiseworthy. I shall grant your request, and reveal my secret technique...
daniel_troll: ...Is what I would say, if my goal was to defeat you.
lia_stage: S-stay back!
daniel_troll: But my true objective is to take these cute dancers home! Then I'll have a private show at my castle!
erica_stage: Oh, did you just call me cute? You're embarrassing me!
darkness: Don't let your guard down! Be careful, Cielo!
aqua: Stay back, everyone! I'll hit him with all the rage and sadness of a goddess in a single punch. God Bl—
daniel_troll: Bind!
lia_stage: Wh-what is this?! A net?!
aqua: Another net... Ah, it reminds me of our first quest with you.
kazuma: This is no time for reminiscing!
daniel_troll: What's this? I was aiming for the dancers, but it looks like I caught myself a weirdo, too.
daniel_troll: Well, I got my Lia, so no matter. Let's go, wyvern!
lia_stage: Eeeeeek!
erica_stage: Lia?!
cielo_stage: Lia!
kazuma: Damn you, Daniel! Let Lia go!
aqua: Hey, I'm trapped in here too, you know!
daniel_troll: I'll just take Lia for now. I'll come back for Cielo and Erika some other time.
kazuma: Wait! 
kazuma: You can have Aqua, 
kazuma: but give us Lia back!
aqua: What about me?! I thought we were close!
kazuma: I need Lia if we're going to win the contest finals!
aqua: Hey, Kazuma! What's the big idea?!
daniel_troll: Have you said your goodbyes? Well then, a good day to you all!
lia_stage: Cielo! Erika!
Kazuma & Company: Liaaaaaa!!
aqua: KAAAZUUUMAAA!!
ナレーション: As if mocking everyone assembled, the wyvern vanished into the clouds with Lia and Aqua...
