Join This Prestigious Dance Contest! - P5
ナレーション: The final elimination round was a ruthless contest of highly-skilled dance teams...
dust: That group was awesome! So sexy and beautiful!
tough_guy: An instantaneous blaze of glory! Could this be the birth\n
tough_guy: of a new legend... No, I'm overthinking things.
Judge: Of the eight teams in the final round, only half remain. It's hard to pick just one to lead this new era!
Announcer: The battle has been exceptionally fierce since Round 1! Now, the next group up is... Axel Hearts!
Announcer: ...Um, Axel Hearts? Will the members of Axel Hearts please approach the stage?
erica_stage: I'm fine. I'll be just fine. I'm the oh-so-cute Erika...
cielo_stage: There you are, Erika. You disappeared so suddenly, everyone went looking for you.
lia_stage: It's almost our turn. We have to hurry...
erica_stage: I know! I know, but...
lia_stage: Are you...scared?
erica_stage: We've known each other for a long time now... I can't hide it from you.
cielo_stage: It's too obvious. Your legs are shaking like a baby deer.\n
cielo_stage: I don't think I've ever seen you scared, Erika.
erica_stage: Well, what if someone else wins the contest instead of us? That's like saying they're cuter than me.
erica_stage: If there's someone cuter than me, then my mom and dad won't be able to find me! 
erica_stage: I have to be the cutest in the whole world!
lia_stage: Erika...
kazuma: Get a hold of yourself!
cielo_stage: Kazuma? And everybody else is here, too...
darkness: We heard you were missing, so we came looking for you!
megumin: I told the judge you'd be a little bit late. You can still make it, though!
aqua: It's not like you to get scared off, Erika. You were bursting with confidence earlier. What happened?
erica_stage: Earlier, Kazuma said that the girls in the other groups were cute.
kazuma: I-it's my fault?
erica_stage: I saw the other girls on stage, and they certainly are cute. So, I lost my confidence... I got scared...
darkness: Hey, Kazuma! Why would you say something to make a dancer nervous before the final round?
kazuma: That wasn't what I meant! 
kazuma: Wait... If I falter here, their group is doomed!
kazuma: I didn't mean to make you anxious back there. I just didn't get to finish what I was saying.
megumin: ...Finish?
kazuma: Sure, the other girls are cute. But you are definitely the cutest, 
kazuma: Erika!
erica_stage: *Gasp*
kazuma: Didn't you become a dancer to show your parents how cute 
kazuma: you really are? So go out there and prove you're the cutest!
lia_stage: Kazuma's right. We'll help you, so let's get out there and show everybody how cute you are, Erika!
cielo_stage: Lia and I are happy to help, Erika. Whatever it takes for your parents to see how cute you are.
kazuma: We've come this far, so neither of us can afford to let it end like this. 
kazuma: You can do it, Erika!
erica_stage: I... I...
Announcer: Axel Hearts isn't coming... In that case, they are disqual—
？？？: Hold on!
cielo_stage: S-sorry we're late. We are...
Axel Hearts: The dance trio, Axel Hearts!
erica_stage: We'll show everyone 
erica_stage: here how cute we are... And that I'm the cutest of all!
aqua: I'm glad they made it. And it looks like Erika's feeling better, too.
kazuma: Yeah, it's a good thing. That was way too close for comfort.
Judge: You'll suffer a point reduction for being late. With that in mind, please, show us your song and dance.
lia_stage: That's fine with us. Here's our song, "Bright Show"!
ナレーション: After the performances were over, all that remained was to announce the results...
erica_stage: We gave it our all, didn't we?
cielo_stage: I thought the audience liked it. I wonder how we did...
Announcer: The results are in. The judge will now announce the winner!
kazuma: *Gulp*
Judge: And now... The winner of the dance contest preliminaries here in Axel is...
Judge: ...The Axel Hearts trio!!!
lia_stage: Huh?!
megumin: They did it! They really did it!
darkness: Yeah, they really got the audience excited. Lia's group is the real deal.
aqua: Naturally. They're the group that beat us, after all.
kazuma: They made it to the finals! I'm one step closer to 
kazuma: a billion Eris! Soon, I'll be able to repay my debts!
？？？: Oh my, it appears to be over. Had I come a bit sooner, I could have seen so many lovely dancers.
aqua: Huh? I hear a voice...and a strange flapping?
megumin: Look up! Up in the sky, is that...
megumin: a bird?
darkness: No, it's a wyvern! Someone's riding it!
daniel: *Pant* It's Lia...in the flesh! Ohh, and what flesh it is! I can't wait to get my hands on her...
lia_stage: Your hands on my what?! What are you talking about?
daniel: Ah, my apologies. I seem to have gotten a bit...ahead of myself.\n
daniel: Pardon the late introduction. My name is Daniel.
kazuma: Daniel...
kazuma: Wait, could it be... The aspiring Devil King general that Wiz told us about?!
lia_stage: Daniel... You're the boss of that troll who ruined our event! What do you want?
daniel: That is quite the defiant attitude to take with a fan.\n
daniel: But I could get used to it. That's why I like you, Lia.
kazuma: Is this gentlemanly pervert...really that powerful?
daniel: Today, I have come to invite Lia and the rest of Axel Hearts to my castle.
erica_stage: You think we'd accept your invitation?! That troll of yours made a mess of our tour in the capital!
daniel: Ah, well...that's too bad. I did not want to have to get rough with you...
daniel: Aaarghhh... Grrroooaaarrr!! 
daniel: Ah!
aqua: Oh please... Is he going to transform into a troll, too?
daniel_troll: It's been many years since I've assumed this form. Now, witness the power of a Troll Lord!
megumin: T-Troll Lord?!
daniel_troll: Now, you're all coming with me... My lovely Axel Hearts dancers!
cielo_stage: Eep!
kazuma: Stop! Keep your hands off them!
erica_stage: Kazuma!
kazuma: These girls are my meal ticket... Err, 
kazuma: I mean good friends... You can't have them!
aqua: Did you just call them your meal ticket?
kazuma: No, of course not. 
kazuma: Let's go, everyone! Protect the girls!
