Join This Prestigious Dance Contest! - P2
ナレーション: Lia's group found an unusual surprise when they arrived at the small theater for their rehearsal...
lia: Is this...really our theater?
erica: Amazing, the decorations look brand new. Even the mic is sparkling!
cielo: There's not a speck of dust anywhere...and the lighting is perfect. Who could have cleaned the place up like this?
kazuma: Hahaha... Do you like it?
lia: Did you do this, Kazuma? What for?\n
lia: You're not plotting something again, are you?
kazuma: I'm not plotting anything! Just the opposite, in fact!\n
kazuma: I want to make amends for my behavior. 
kazuma: I'm sorry!
cielo: K-Kazuma... Don't grovel like that. Stand up.
kazuma: My conscience won't be clear unless I do at least this much. I still used you for profit...even if I had my reasons.
erica: Kazuma...
kazuma: So this time, I seriously want to help you achieve your dreams as dancers! Please give me another chance!
lia: Get up. There's no need to apologize. That's all in the past.
erica: Honestly, we became famous thanks to your skill, Kazuma... 
erica: We're very grateful.
kazuma: You... Then, that means...
lia: Yep! We're looking forward to working with you again as our producer.
kazuma: In that case, let's give it our all!
kazuma: All right, my preparations are complete. Now I just need Lia's group to win the contest, and 
kazuma: that one billion Eris is mine!
kazuma: I have a suggestion. 
kazuma: How about entering a contest?
cielo: A contest? You mean, the one holding prelims in Axel?
kazuma: That's the one! If you win, Axel Hearts will be famous near and far!
lia: Are you sure? I heard some talented groups are competing...
erica: There's no need to be nervous. It's our chance to prove we're the cutest in the land. 
erica: And if we make it to the capital...
cielo: Y-Yeah, Erika's right. Let's put on the best show we can!
lia: All right. 
lia: If you two say so, let's give it a shot!
kazuma: Let's go over the details. We need to win in the prelims to represent Axel in the finals at the capital.
kazuma: First is an interview. The next two rounds test physical and mental strength. Lastly, you have a final performance.
kazuma: Four rounds...and that's just in Axel. Maybe I should have an insurance policy...?
Amy: Nooo! Mia! Mia is... Somebody, help!
kazuma: That sounds like Amy! Did something happen to Mia?
miia: Stop that! Let go of me!
Amy: Mia! Mia?
kazuma: Are you okay... 
kazuma: Huh? What the—!
melissa: Aww, you're so cute! Such a little cutie, aren't you?
miia: Just lemme go... Yer startin' to bug me!
melissa: What is this? Such cute widdle ears! You're so cute, I could just die right here on the spot!
melissa: Ahh, I can't get enough of these ears! I want to cuddle you so bad! Hey, can I cuddle you? I'll pay you!
Amy: Um, Mia looks upset. Can you please let go of her?
melissa: Cuddly wuddly... Sho shoooft! Cuddly widdle ears, she's so adorable!
kazuma: I thought Mia was in trouble, but it's just Melissa. I see she hasn't changed a bit.
Amy: Kazuma! Don't just stand there, save Mia!
kazuma: Oh yeah, while I'm at it...
kazuma: Hey, Melissa. If you want to get closer to Mia and Amy, try entering the dance contest.
melissa: Her name's Mia? How adorable! Sure, I'll enter with this cutsie-wootsie 
melissa: adorable widdle fluffy love muffin!
miia: Hold on, Kazuma! I don't care about some dance contest!
kazuma: I'll buy you lots of meat buns.
miia: Okay, I'll do it!
Amy: If Mia's entering, I will too!
kazuma: Suckers! 
kazuma: This is almost too easy... Well, that's one more team entering the contest for me!
kazuma: Three teams... I don't care which one wins, as long as they get me my billion Eris payday!
ナレーション: As Kazuma recruited his three teams, another plot unfolded at Daniel's castle...
daniel: A magic photo, a fan, and a towel... Splendid work, Charlie. Add them to the collection!
charlie: I'm so glad they please you! I was fortunate enough to steal them during my valiant assault on the Axel theater.
daniel: I'm particularly fond of Lia's thighs in this photo... They're so dazzling; I can barely withstand the sight!
daniel: I wish to rest my head in her lap, if only for a moment. Don't you agree, Charlie?
charlie: Yes, indeed. 
charlie: You really love dancers, don't you, Lord Daniel? When did this desire begin?
daniel: Ah, you disappoint me. Do you really think my interest in dancers is so shallow?
charlie: A-Am I mistaken?
daniel: Of course. The reason I love dancers is because I seek 
daniel: to find the dancer described in the prophecy.
charlie: Th-The dancer from the prophecy?
daniel: Hehehe. As my most loyal servant, perhaps you have earned the truth.
