Join This Prestigious Dance Contest! - P1
ナレーション: After Kazuma's party thwarted his kidnapping plans, Charlie bowed deeply before Daniel...
charlie: I am truly sorry for my recent failure. The dancers have stronger allies than I expected.
daniel: It's quite all right, Charlie. In fact, your failure may be for the best.
charlie: Huh?
daniel: I was too impatient. I thought only of being with Lia. 
daniel: But an impatient man is an ugly one.
daniel: They say that absence makes the heart grow fonder.\n
daniel: This time apart shall nurture our beautiful love!
charlie: Time apart nurtures love... 
charlie: I have seen the light!
daniel: This setback has only made my love grow even stronger. I want nothing more than to support Lia!
charlie: And I vow to support Cielo, as well!
daniel: By the way, Charlie... Didn't I ask you to do something else besides kidnapping the dancers? 
charlie: Right, there were no issues on that front! I've placed the item in the other room. Please follow me.
daniel: With that item in my possession, the Devil King will be forced to 
daniel: respect me. I so look forward to the day. 
daniel: Hehehe... Mwahaha! 
ナレーション: Meanwhile, in stark contrast to Daniel's cackling, Kazuma was slumped over a table, weeping...
kazuma: I'm just...done...
megumin: How long do you plan on sulking? I mean, yeah, you're being utterly crushed by debt.
kazuma: It's not just that. We also made an enemy of a guy on par with a Devil King general. 
kazuma: Is there no god in this world?
aqua: Did somebody call for a goddess?
kazuma: Ah, that's right... There are no gods or goddesses...besides this useless one.
aqua: Argh!! Calling me useless again... I'll show you how useless I am!
darkness: Calm down. Our enemy is formidable. This is no time to be arguing amongst ourselves.
darkness: Daniel has skill equal to one of the Devil King's generals. As a crusader, I must risk my body to protect my allies.
darkness: If he wants to kidnap Lia's group, he can kidnap me instead. 
darkness: Taken to his castle, armor ripped from my body...
darkness: Tch. I don't want to go! I don't want to...but I must!
megumin: Hahahaha! Even if he was up to be a general in the Devil King's army, my explosion magic will blow him away!
？？？: Heh. I see you're all as rowdy as ever.
aqua: Oh! It's Dust and Rin.
lean: Are those veggie girls not with you today? Aw, I wanted to buy some.
kazuma: We're on a bit of a hiatus.
dust: Another failed business? Ha, no wonder you look so down. 
dust: I've got some news that should cheer you up, though.
kazuma: Sorry, but I've already got a lot on my mind. I don't think anything you say can break this funk.
dust: I'd expect any man to cheer up when he hears he can stare at beautiful girls all he wants.
kazuma: Tell me more, Dust.
kazuma: A dance contest sponsored by the Kingdom of Belzerg?!
dust: Yeah, it's a contest to find the best dance team in the kingdom. It's their 100th anniversary, so I hear it'll be big.
lean: They're working with Elroad. Apparently the total prize money, including the long-term contract, 
lean: is a billion Eris!
kazuma: WHA...
Aqua, Megumin ＆ Darkness: A BILLION ERIS?!
dust: They have a ton of applicants, so they're having the prelims in Axel before the main event in the capital.
kazuma: That's it.
dust: Huh? Did you say something?
kazuma: That's it! This is my first and last real chance to make a triumphant comeback!
aqua: There you go again, Kazuma...
megumin: It's amazing how he never learns his lesson.
darkness: W-Well, is that truly so bad?
kazuma: Mwahahaha! Now I'm pumped! With me managing Axel Hearts, that billion Eris is as good as ours!
lean: I don't think it'll be that easy, even for Lia's group. The odds of even passing the prelims are pretty slim.
darkness: Sounds like it's quite competitive.
aqua: Oh! That's it!
aqua: We don't have to leave everything to Lia's group!
kazuma: What do you mean?
aqua: It's simple. I'm a goddess, so I'll just enter the contest!
aqua: I'll ace the prelims, win the finals, and get that billion Eris! 
aqua: In exchange, I get to keep everything left after repaying our debt.
dust: I hate to burst your bubble, but only teams of three or more can enter.
aqua: That's perfect. The three of us are sure to win!
megumin: The premier spellcaster of the Crimson Demons is entering 
megumin: a competition... This must be fate!
darkness: A theater filled with heavy breathing, judges greedily eyeing me... Oh, I simply can't wait!
kazuma: It's hard for me not to see them as a stupid, useless goddess, an explosion-obsessed weirdo, and a masochistic crusader, but...
kazuma: ...they may be on to something. Sometimes I forget how easy they are on the eyes.
kazuma: All right, I'll serve as producer for you three as well! I've got high hopes for you!
Aqua, Megumin ＆ Darkness: Yes, Producer!
kazuma: That said, I think Lia's group has the better shot.\n
kazuma: I'll ask them to let me be their producer again.
kazuma: Just you wait, Axel Hearts! With your natural ability, I'm going to repay my debt and 
kazuma: earn my freedom!
ナレーション: His spirits high, Kazuma smiled eagerly as he headed to Lia's house...
