Attack the Troll Lord's Castle! - P4
ナレーション: With the ritual to restore the ancient weapon close at hand, Daniel waited for Charlie to return with Lia...
daniel: Hmm... Charlie is late. What is he doing?
daniel: Ah! What if he abandoned his duties to fool around with Lia instead?! 
daniel: No, no, no, Charlie wouldn't do that.
daniel: Those who truly love dancers would never hurt them. That's just understood among fans.
daniel: I'm not doubting him, but I should go check on them anyway.\n
daniel: I trust you, Charlie!
megumin: This must be the room Charlie mentioned earlier. The door is locked...
darkness: Stand back. I can handle a lock like this... Hup!
melissa: What monstrous strength...
darkness: I-it's not monstrous!
kazuma: Aqua! Lia! Are you okay? 
kazuma: Ack?!
ナレーション: The strange odor made Kazuma cover his nose. The furniture was ruined, and garbage was strewn everywhere.
melissa: This place is a disaster...
megumin: Were Aqua and Lia attacked? Did they have to fight back?!
darkness: He said something about a ritual to restore an ancient weapon. Perhaps they were taken someplace else?
kazuma: Damn you, Daniel!
erica: Wait, everyone. I think there might be another reason. Right, Cielo?
cielo: Y-yeah... This is actually pretty normal for us.
aqua: Hng...hm? *Sniff sniff sniff sniff*\n
aqua: I smell clean air!
kazuma: A-Aqua! You're okay?!
ナレーション: Aqua suddenly emerged from under a pile of garbage.
aqua: Kazuma... 
aqua: Ungh...
aqua: Waaah! 
aqua: Kazuma! What took you so long?! It was awful!
kazuma: Ugh, she reeks of garbage!
megumin: There there, Aqua. It was awful, huh? It's okay now. Oh, there's some trash in your hair.
darkness: The trolls must have treated you horribly in here.\n
darkness: Please, tell me all about it!
aqua: You've got it all wrong! The trolls are harmless. They're just infatuated with dancers.
melissa: Then what was so awful?
lia_stage: U-ungh..
lia_stage: .
erica: Lia!
lia_stage: Erika, Cielo, you came to rescue me?\n
lia_stage: *Yawn*
cielo: Sleeping in that mountain of trash is so like you, Lia.
megumin: This is pretty underwhelming for what should be an emotional reunion.
erica: Of course. We knew Lia was okay the moment we walked in.
cielo: The room being in this state proved that Lia was safe.
kazuma: Judging her safety by how dirty the room is? What does that say about her as a person?
cielo: You can't do this, Lia. You have a roommate to think of. It's not nice to Aqua if the room's this messy.
lia_stage: Really? I told Aqua I'd be careful, and I've been trying to keep it clean, but...
erica: Well, I guess it's a lot cleaner than usual. But you're already attracting super gross six-legged bugs.
cielo: If we had come just a bit later, that rotten smell would've been followed by strange mushrooms.
melissa: Stop! I don't want to hear about this!
aqua: It was... It was really awful. I cleaned and I cleaned, but the garbage kept piling up...
kazuma: We know, we know! Everybody just calm down!\n
kazuma: Our enemies will find us if we stay here!
cielo: We brought your adventuring gear and weapon, Lia.
lia: Okay, I'm all set!
aqua: Let's get out of this filthy place!
kazuma: All right, let's make our escape—
melissa: Aren't you forgetting something? We rescued those two, so now it's your turn to help me.
melissa: I'm cleaning out this castle's treasuries. We can escape after that's done. Got it?
kazuma: Tch, I did promise her that...
melissa: According to my Treasure Detection skill... 
melissa: It's this way! Come now, follow me!
kazuma: I guess we have no choice. We've got work to do before we can escape!
