Attack the Troll Lord's Castle! - P5
ナレーション: In a panic, Daniel went to the room where he had locked up Lia and Aqua...
daniel: Lia! Lia, where are you?! The door's lock has been broken... Did she escape?!
daniel: Did that blasted Charlie really go after my precious Lia?!\n
daniel: How could he?! It's not fair, I've been holding back!
charlie: Ngh... L-Lord Daniel...
daniel: Huh? Charlie, where have you been?! And why are you injured?
charlie: My deepest apologies... The people from Axel have...come to take back Lia.
charlie: Cielo came too. I was taken by her beauty, and they managed to make off with Lia. Argh!
daniel: This is awful! Curse you, Kazuma Satou! How dare you kidnap my lovely dancer?!
charlie: Actually, we kidnapped her first...
daniel: We can't let them escape! Charlie, prepare to make a castle-wide announcement!
charlie: An announcement? What do you plan to do?
daniel: I'll make sure they won't want to escape. Then they will come to us. Hehehe...
ナレーション: Meanwhile, Melissa was rummaging through the throne room with a wicked smile on her face...
melissa: This candlestick is pure gold. I bet it'll sell for a ton. And adventurers will pay a hefty price for this magic item...
kazuma: Oh, nice! This one looks expensive, too... 
kazuma: Enough already! We need to get out of here!
melissa: I know. I already pinched anything of value. We can go.
cielo: Hmm, with that bag slung over your shoulder like that... You look like a proper thief.
melissa: I'm no thief. I'm a treasure hunter. You understand 
melissa: the difference, don't you, my cute little dancers?
erica: C-cute...? 
erica: Yeah, we understand! Melissa is a treasure hunter, not a thief!
lia: *Sigh* You know Melissa's just manipulating you, right?
aqua: Who cares, let's just go! I haven't taken a bath since we got locked up!
darkness: Then how about we visit the Arcanretia hot springs 
darkness: on the way back? *Pant pant* That town is great...
megumin: You're the only one in the Eris faith that likes that town.\n
megumin: I never want to go back there ever again!
ナレーション: Suddenly, a strange noise and a familiar voice crackled through the speakers of the castle...
daniel: Mic check, one, two, one, two. Lia, Lia... Oh Lia, my adorable little goddess, can you hear me?
aqua: That voice! It's Daniel!
daniel: I have your precious stuffed animal. If you want it back, please come to the hidden altar room behind the throne.
erica: Stuffed animal? Does he mean that fox that Lia always has when she's sleeping?
lia: Huh... Hey, Kazuma... I don't see my stuffed animal anywhere! Where did you put Konjiro?!
kazuma: What are you doing?! We just put those away!\n
kazuma: I washed your stuffed animal and hung it outsi—
kazuma: Oh, I remember! That thing I found when I was cleaning Lia's room back in Axel!
lia: Don't call him a thing! His name is Konjiro!
erica: Oh, yeah... Konjiro.
darkness: If we go to rescue this stuffed animal—
lia: We have to rescue him! Konjiro was my first friend! He comforted me when I was lonely... 
lia: Does Daniel really have him?
Konjiro?: Lia, help me. It's me, Konjiro.
lia: It's him! That's Konjiro's voice!
darkness: Actually, I don't think stuffed animals can talk...
melissa: She looks so normal, but clearly...
lia: Taking the kind-hearted Konjiro hostage... 
lia: What a coward! I'm coming to save you, Konjiro!
kazuma: Hey, Lia!
cielo: Lia, it's dangerous to go alone!
aqua: Now Cielo and Erika are gone...
megumin: What should we do? I'm sure they're headed for Daniel.
darkness: We can't let them go alone. Let's follow them.
kazuma: *Sigh* I was hoping we'd get through this without running 
kazuma: into the big boss. I guess we have no choice!
lia: Konjiro! If you're there, answer me!
daniel: Welcome, Lia. I'm grateful you chose to come to me of your own volition.
lia: Daniel... How dare you say that after your threats!\n
lia: Give Konjiro back!
daniel: Konjiro? Oh, that's your stuffed animal, right?\n
daniel: There is no stuffed animal here.
lia: What?! But I was sure I heard Konjiro's voice!
daniel: That was me. I'm sorry for lying.
erica: You tricked Lia using knowledge only a fan would know.
cielo: H-how mean!
daniel: Oh, Cielo and Erika too! Like using a worm to catch fish, I've caught some dancers using a fox!
daniel: I thought I would need to perform the ritual with Lia alone, but it seems all of Axel Hearts have graced my presence.
daniel: "One who dances like a goddess clad in blue shall alight upon the seal." 
daniel: The legend is about to come true!
kazuma: *Pant pant* 
kazuma: Are you okay?!
daniel: So you've come...but it's too late! To restore the ancient weapon, I'll make you dance by force if need be!
daniel: Groooah! 
daniel: Grrraaaaaaggghhh!
aqua: He's transforming into the Troll Lord! Everyone, be careful!
erica: This is awful. This guy's gonna turn into an ugly monster just like Charlie did!
daniel: Hm? H-hey, wait a minute... What do you mean, ugly?\n
daniel: I can't accept that. We trolls are remarkably cute!
erica: NOT A CHANCE! They're not cute at all! As the representative 
erica: of all things cute, I refuse to accept this!
daniel: Grr...
kazuma: This guy seems genuinely shocked. Maybe he's the type who likes being called cute... 
kazuma: That's it!
kazuma: If you transform, you won't be cute anymore and they'll hate you. Lia, Cielo, you with me?
cielo: W-well...
kazuma: His human form is way cool. He should stay a human, right?
lia: W-well... I'd rather have him be a human than a troll.
daniel: You too, Lia... Erm, I understand. Very well, 
daniel: today I shall face you in my human form!
kazuma: He fell for it! If he's not a troll, we have a chance!
daniel: Come now, Axel Hearts! You shall dance for me, and restore the mighty weapon of yore!
kazuma: We'll put an end to your plan! Come on, let's do this!
