Attack the Troll Lord's Castle! - P3
ナレーション: After arriving at Daniel's castle, Kazuma's group began searching for Aqua and Lia...
kazuma: Well, we managed to sneak into the castle, but the real problem will be locating our friends in this place.
megumin: They must be underground, in a sturdy prison surrounded by flowing lava!
darkness: I bet that's where they're torturing Lia. Surely, a man who was nearly a Devil King general 
darkness: would prefer such a place.
cielo: Stop saying such awful things, you two!\n
cielo: Or I'll take you out myself!
erica: In any event, we have to rescue Lia as soon as possible! Besides, the dance contest finals are approaching.
melissa: Don't forget the treasure! Hey Kazuma, you know what'll happen if you break your promise...
melissa: right?
kazuma: Of course I know. 
kazuma: But remember, you only get the treasure if we're able to rescue Lia. 
kazuma: You need to hold up your end, too.
melissa: I'm relieved to hear that. As long as my treasure is safe, you can count on me.
kazuma: All right! That's settled, so let's get Lia and go!
megumin: Um, aren't you forgetting Aqua?
ナレーション: The air in the room hung heavy as the altar pulsed with menacing energy...
charlie: Oh! So this is the altar where the ancient artifact has been sealed away!
daniel: I discovered this place about 100 years ago.
daniel: At the time, someone told me a prophecy about the weapon.
daniel: I spent a great deal of time deciphering the text. My efforts eventually led me to this sealed altar.
daniel: However, just finding the altar wasn't enough.
charlie: And that's where the dancers come in, right?
daniel: Yes. According to the writings, only a dancer can break the altar's seal.
daniel: Thus, I have captured many dancers and brought them here. To perform the ritual, I forced them to dance at the altar.
daniel: However, that was only in the beginning.
charlie: What happened?
daniel: Before I knew it, I was more into the search for dancers than the ritual. 
daniel: Ah, a dancer's allure is something remarkable!
charlie: Such a heart-rending tale, Lord Daniel!
daniel: The text held the following passage: "One who dances like a goddess clad in blue shall alight upon the seal."
daniel: I followed the text's instructions and asked the dancers to wear blue clothes for the ritual, but I've never succeeded.
daniel: So I pondered the matter for what seemed like an eternity.\n
daniel: Finally, I came upon a realization.
daniel: It doesn't work if you force them to wear blue clothes.\n
daniel: So...what if I found a dancer who already wears blue?
charlie: Oh! It's true, Lia already wears a blue outfit!
daniel: Exactly! Lia is almost certainly the "dancer clad in blue" spoken of in the prophecy!
daniel: Now, the preparations are complete. Charlie, bring Lia here to me.
charlie: As you command.
charlie: Hmm... I know what Lord Daniel said, but would he really endanger the life of a dancer he fancies so much?
charlie: What if the one in blue is actually Cielo, instead of Lia?\n
charlie: Ah, my heart breaks just thinking about it!
cielo: Ah.
charlie: Huh?
erica: Oh no, have we been spotted?!
charlie: ...Am I dreaming?
charlie: Yeah, I was thinking about Cielo so much that I've started dreaming about her. 
charlie: I'm dreaming about her. But when did I fall asleep?
charlie: Well, whatever. If it's a dream, I can do anything I want.\n
charlie: Ohhh, Cielo!!
cielo: NOOOOOOOOOOOO!!
charlie: HNGH!!
charlie: Ah, that punch...it's not actually a dream?!\n
charlie: What's the real Cielo doing here?!
kazuma: Hey Cielo, I'm glad you launched a preemptive strike, 
kazuma: but isn't this that guy's right-hand man?
charlie: Ah, it's you! How did you get in here?
darkness: I guess rescuing Lia unnoticed was a bit of a long-shot.
megumin: It seems I have no other choice... 
megumin: My name is Megumin, wielder of explosion magic and rescuer of Lia and Aqua!
melissa: Tell us where the treasure is.
charlie: Hmph. I am Lord Daniel's most trusted servant. You won't get any information out of me.
cielo: Wh-where's Lia?!
charlie: She's right there in that room, Cielo.
kazuma: He gave that up easily.
charlie: ...
charlie: Damn you! How cruel you are, making me talk with your clever tricks!
melissa: Shut up already. Don't get cocky because you can speak like us, you pig.
charlie: C-calling me a pig is terribly insulting! I'm not some 
charlie: mere orc... I am a proud and glorious troll!
charlie: Whatever. If I capture Erika and Cielo before the ritual to restore the ancient weapon, Lord Daniel will be pleased.
charlie: Arrrggghhh... Oooooohhh!!\n
charlie: GYAAAAAAGGGHHHHHH!!!
kazuma: Looks like you've finally shown your true colors!
erica: Ugh... It's been awhile since I last saw him, but...ugh.
charlie_troll: Wh-what's that supposed to mean?!
erica: Hey, stay away from me! You're, like, super gross! You're not cute at all!
charlie_troll: Huh? I'm...gross?
cielo: E-Erika, he looks kind of sad. Maybe you should apologize?
erica: What about you, Cielo? Don't you think his monster form is totally gross?
cielo: I-I wouldn't call it totally gross... But I guess it's not very cute, either.
charlie_troll: N-not cute... Cielo said I'm not cute...\n
charlie_troll: Whyyyyyy?!
megumin: Now he's crying. I'm starting to feel bad for him, too.
kazuma: This is our chance, everyone!
charlie_troll: WAAAAAAAAAHHH!!
