Attack the Troll Lord's Castle! - P6
kazuma: *Pant pant* He's pretty tough, even without transforming. 
kazuma: I see why he was nearly a general in the Devil King's army.
daniel: Thank you for your kind words. It seems I have underestimated all of you as well.
daniel: I didn't expect you to push me this hard. Since it's come 
daniel: to this, I'll have to transform...even if it's not very cute!
kazuma: Crap! We have to finish him off before he transforms!
kazuma: This castle looks pretty sturdy. It can probably take a hit or two!\n
kazuma: Give him all you've got, Megumin!
megumin: You got it, Kazuma!
megumin: Surrender to the darkness, as the explosion queen dances within...\n
megumin: EXPLOSION!!
ナレーション: A shockwave burst forth, and with her magic expended, Megumin fell silently to the floor. As the smoke cleared...
darkness: Well, did we do it?!
daniel: *Gasp* *Pant pant*
aqua: You can still move? You're a tough little bugger!
daniel: No, I'm at my limit. I don't even have the strength to transform. Since this is the end...
daniel: L-Lia... This is my last request as your top fan... Won't you please show me your lovely dancing?
lia: Forget it!
daniel: B-but why? How cruel to deny your fan's dying wish!
erica: Do you realize what you've done?!
lia: As a dancer, my fans are more precious to me than anything.\n
lia: But you used Konjiro to trick me!
cielo: S-somebody like that isn't a true fan! You're just a...perverted criminal!
daniel: Aah... Aaaaaaugh!
daniel: What have I done?! Lia hates me now...\n
daniel: M-my life is over!!
aqua: Pft! *Snicker* That's rich!
aqua: You got rejected, and now you're in shock! That's hilarious!
aqua: Well, I guess that settles it.\n
aqua: I'm tired. Let's go back and have some bubbly!
aqua: With that, a victorious Nature's Beauty!
melissa: I'll look for some more valuables...
kazuma: Hey! Stop that and finish him off! 
kazuma: Hm?
ナレーション: Dark clouds settled over the castle as a warm breeze blew in through the altar window...
melissa: Huh, what's wrong? The weather suddenly...
erica: Eek! Now there's lightning! What's going on?!
kazuma: Hey, Aqua! The weather's angry now that you mocked it!
aqua: Who cares about the weather? I'm a goddess!
kazuma: Goddess? Hey, wait a minute...
darkness: What's wrong, Kazuma? You look so serious.
kazuma: Hey, what was that legend about restoring the ancient weapon again?
megumin: I think it said... "One who dances like a goddess clad in blue shall alight upon the seal."
kazuma: No way... Seriously?!
aqua: What's wrong, Kazuma? You need to use the restroom?
kazuma: No! 
kazuma: Aqua... Just to be sure, you're technically a goddess, right?
aqua: What do you mean, technically?! I'm a goddess to my very core!
kazuma: And what color are those clothes you always wear?
aqua: You're just noticing how wonderful my clothes are? These blue clothes mark me as the goddess of water!
kazuma: And what did you just do?
aqua: The greatest party trick! The beautiful dance beloved by all... Nature's Beauty!
kazuma: You...USELESS GODDESS! You fulfilled all the conditions!
lia: Eeek!
ナレーション: Lightning struck the altar, and something appeared from the flash of light...
melissa: This is...a massive crystallization of lightning?!
daniel: At last! The ancient weapon I've dreamed about! Hehehe... Hahahaha!
daniel: It's mine! This golden hammer is truly the ancient weapon! And its name is... 
daniel: Thor's Hammer!
cielo: Why did the ancient weapon appear?! Lia didn't perform the ritual!
aqua: U-umm, Kazuma... This isn't my fault, is it?
kazuma: Of course it's your fault! Your careless actions completed the ritual!
aqua: Waaaaaahhh!!
daniel: I can feel the power flowing through me!\n
daniel: Now, this world is mine! 
daniel: Ahahahahaha!!
kazuma: This is awful! What do we do now?
ナレーション: And with that, the ancient weapon was revived. Its tremendous power turned the battle to utter chaos...
