Attack the Troll Lord's Castle! - P1
ナレーション: Three days after Aqua and Lia were kidnapped by Daniel during the final round of the Axel dance contest...
aqua: Ugh! How long is that guy going to keep a goddess like me trapped in this tiny room?!
lia_stage: Erika and Cielo must be so worried...
daniel: Pardon the intrusion. I've come to check on you.
aqua: There you are, you perverted troll!
daniel: Ahh...it's nice to finally have a dancer around the house. Creating this room for Lia was well worth it.
daniel: Are you comfortable? If you need anything at all, please do not hesitate to ask.
lia_stage: Wait! Just how long do you plan to keep us locked up here?!
aqua: Yeah, knock it off already! And tell the trolls stomping 
aqua: around the castle that they're too loud!
daniel: I'm terribly sorry. However, I can't let 
daniel: you out of here just yet.
daniel: At least, not until the ritual is ready.
lia_stage: Wait, we're not done talking... 
lia_stage: He locked us in again. What do we do now, Aqua?
aqua: All we can do for now is wait. Even if we escape, this place is full of monsters. We can't handle them all on our own.
aqua: Fortunately, Kazuma and everyone else are surely worried about us. I know they're coming to our rescue, so let's wait.
lia_stage: You're right. Despite his many faults, Kazuma really cares about his comrades. I'm sure he's coming to save us...
ナレーション: Meanwhile...
kazuma_towel: Ahh, that feels good.
megumin: Hey, Kazuma? Should we really be going to the hot springs?
ナレーション: Megumin's voice echoed from the other side of the fence.
kazuma_towel: What else can we do? It's bad luck they got captured, but we don't even know where they are.
darkness: As we speak, Aqua and Lia are being cornered by those trolls... Hng!
megumin: Darkness, you'll get heatstroke if you work yourself up in the bath.
darkness: J-just think, the two of them being crushed by meaty trolls! Such an envia...I mean...horrible position!
darkness: Me too... They must take me too! Ahhhn! *Gurgle*
megumin: Ahhh! Kazuma! Darkness passed out from excitement!
darkness: Ngh... My head is still swimming.
megumin: I told you that you'd get heatstroke.
melissa: I see you're all as carefree as ever.
kazuma: Yikes! Where'd you come from, Melissa? 
kazuma: You shouldn't leap out of the shadows like that; you startled me.
melissa: You're awfully rude for being such trash. I brought you some info, so get on your knees and thank me.
kazuma: Oh, then that means...
melissa: Yes, I know where they are.
kazuma: Really?! Where are they?
melissa: I will tell you, 
melissa: but you know what this means, right? You're going to owe me for this information.
megumin: Owe you, huh... 
megumin: Looks like our debt increases yet again.
darkness: The lives of our allies are at stake. Sacrifices must be made!
kazuma: She's right. If I rescue Lia, I can use the contest to turn my fortunes around. That's the easiest way to repay my debt!
kazuma: Melissa sure is skilled to find Lia and Aqua so quickly... 
kazuma: That's it!
kazuma: Hey Melissa, do you want in on a job? I'd love to have someone as skilled as you on board.
melissa: You're awfully cocky for someone that's drowning in debt.\n
melissa: Save it until after you've got a plan to pay me back.
kazuma: Daniel was nearly a general in the Devil King's army. There must be loads of treasure in his castle.
melissa: Oh? Really?
kazuma: She took the bait!
kazuma: If you help us rescue Aqua and Lia, you can have all the treasure we find. How does that sound?
melissa: Not a bad proposal, coming from you. 
melissa: All right, I'm in.
kazuma: I have no idea if there really is any treasure or not. But, Daniel looks rich... I'm sure it'll be fine.
kazuma: All right, let's go!
？？？: Kazuma!
cielo: *Pant*
cielo: *Pant* Good...we made it in time.
kazuma: What are you doing here? I told you to wait in Axel!
erica: But you're going to save Lia, right? We can't stand around doing nothing! Take us with you!
kazuma: But the enemy's goal is to capture you. Bringing you along is just asking for trouble.
erica: We know how dangerous it is, but we can't just sit back 
erica: and wait. Lia is our dear friend. 
erica: Right, Cielo?
cielo: I'm tired of being protected all the time! This problem affects all of Axel Hearts!
cielo: Please, take us with you!
megumin: Their resolve seems strong.
darkness: No...the strength isn't in their resolve, but their bond of friendship. It shows just how much they care for Lia.
melissa: A bond of friendship isn't worth a single Eris. Such foolish children...
kazuma: Okay, fine! 
kazuma: You can come with us!
ナレーション: With that, Kazuma's group headed off to rescue Aqua and Lia...
