Exploration in This Land of Snow! - P6
Muskmelon: Melo-melooon...
kazuma_winter: It's getting weaker. 
kazuma_winter: Show it what you got, Megumin!
megumin_winter: EXPLOSION!!
ナレーション: Megumin's spell bathed the mountain summit in magical fire. The snow gradually melted, and the ground began to thaw...
kazuma_winter: Oh! That was the best one yet!
megumin_winter: Thank...you...for...the...compliment...
darkness_winter: It did set off an avalanche below. I'm a bit worried.
kazuma_winter: Nobody lives on this mountain, so I'm sure it's fine.\n
kazuma_winter: If something does happen, I'll shoulder the blame.
Muskmelon: M-muskme...looon...
aqua_winter: Look, Kazuma. It's still alive!
mitsurugi: Leave this to me... I'll finish it off.
miia: Stop!
mitsurugi: Wha?! 
mitsurugi: Running in front of me is liable to get you hurt, child.
miia: Look closer... The muskmelon is shaking.
kazuma_winter: Don't get any closer!
miia: Don't worry, I got this!
Muskmelon: Melooon...
miia: I'm not your enemy. Nobody here is your enemy. We're all kind people, okay?
miia: You were scared, huh? That's why you attacked. There, there...
Muskmelon: Melooon! Melooon!
Amy: Amazing, Mia. Muskmelons are known as the rowdiest fruits around, and you've got it as tame as a kitten!
lia: Are you sure this is really safe?
miia: All right, you go on home. Don't attack anyone anymore, okay?
Muskmelon: Melooon!
megumin_winter: The danger has passed. Now we can go and get Járngreipr...
daniel: Sorry, but you were a moment too slow.
kazuma_winter: Daniel! Wait, look at his hands! Are those...
charlie: Marvelously done, Lord Daniel!
mitsurugi: Grr... He must've grabbed them while we were occupied!\n
mitsurugi: Your cowardice truly knows no limit!
daniel: At last, I finally have the Járngreipr! 
daniel: Now, tremble before the hammer's true power!
kazuma_winter: If Daniel can use lightning like he did at his castle with no limits, we don't stand a chance. 
kazuma_winter: Gang, time to fall back!
daniel: Mwahahaha! You have been thorns in my side for far too long!\n
daniel: You will not escape me so easily.
daniel: Strike forth, glorious lightning!
Amy: Eeeeeek!
lia: Amy! Look out!
lia: Gyaaaaaaugh!
kazuma_winter: Liaaaaaa!!
ナレーション: One of the bolts of lightning from Thor's Hammer pierced Lia's chest...
Amy: Lia... You saved me!
kazuma_winter: Lia! Hey, Lia! Hang in there! Wake up!
daniel: Oh, no... I didn't mean to hurt Lia...
darkness_winter: Hey, she isn't breathing!
megumin_winter: Aqua, get over here, quickly! Hurry!
daniel: No... Is Lia...dead?
daniel: Graaaaaauuugh!
daniel: How... How could I do such a thing?!
daniel: I killed my favorite dancer. This is an absolute travesty!\n
daniel: I shall find repentance in death.
charlie: Lord Daniel, just calm down! Don't hurl lightning at yourself or anything foolish like that!
charlie: Gah! Even after gaining the power of Thor's Hammer, your luck is still awful. 
charlie: Time for a strategic retreat!
daniel: Grrraaagh! Liaaa!
charlie: Pull yourself together, Lord Daniel! Stop crying and run!
ナレーション: Daniel fled and Thor's Hammer was no longer a threat, but Mitsurugi was still overcome with grief...
mitsurugi: *Sob* I couldn't save her! What kind of hero am I? I...I am a failure!
miia: I'm glad she protected Amy, but it's very sad that Lia isn't moving anymore.
Amy: It's my fault. If she hadn't tried to save me...
aqua_winter: Resurrection!
lia: Ungh... 
lia: Where am I?
kazuma_winter: Good, you're back.
Mitsurugi, Mia, Amy: What?
aqua_winter: This was a piece of cake for someone like me! I am a goddess, after all!
mitsurugi: B-bless you, Lady Aqua! You really are a goddess!
miia: But I was about to cry back there. What do I do about this feeling?
Amy: Just go with the flow and express your joy. Okay, Mia?
megumin_winter: Lia, do you remember your name? Do you know where you are?
lia: ...
darkness_winter: Wait a second. There's something wrong with Lia.\n
darkness_winter: I'll ask again. Do you know where you are?
lia: ...
Amy: Hello? Lia? Are you okay?
lia: I...remember.
miia: Remember what?
aqua_winter: Oh! Are you saying your memories returned?
lia: Yeah, I can remember everything! Including why I came to this world!
kazuma_winter: You came...here?
ナレーション: Lia nodded silently and exchanged glances with Kazuma and Aqua, her eyes filled with nostalgia...
