Exploration in This Land of Snow! - P2
ナレーション: Kazuma and company called everyone to the guild to inform them of the danger posed by Daniel and Thor's Hammer...
luna: A weapon that can summon lightning with a single swing?
kazuma: Yes. And if Daniel is allowed to wield that sort of power, we'll all be in serious trouble...
melissa: I saw it up close, and it might be even more powerful than explosion magic.
lean: More powerful than explosion magic?!
dust: That's bad. If he can use that thing multiple times, he'll be practically invincible.
chris: How has he come into possession of such a terrible weapon?
kazuma: W-well, you see...
aqua: Basically, the beautiful goddess finally revealed herself according to the ancient—
kazuma: Aaaaaah! Don't listen to her! There's nothing to it, really. Daniel just completed the ritual somehow, that's all!
kazuma: I don't want anyone to know that we had anything to do with bringing the weapon back!
tough_guy: So this is the beginning of the end, or perhaps the end of a beginning...
luna: Kazuma, thank you for bringing this to our attention. This situation will require a team effort.
luna: Axel alone will not be enough to handle this problem. We will contact the capital at once.
kazuma: Good. The royal army will be a lot of help!
darkness: Isn't that a little optimistic? Even if reinforcements come, they'll take time to arrive and organize.
wiz: Daniel was always quick to act, even back when he was with the Devil King. He is likely to attack soon.
mitsurugi: There is nothing to fear. If it comes to it, my sword Gram and I will deal with the threat.
mitsurugi: Protecting the people from danger is what I do, after all.
cecily: H-he's so cool. 
cecily: Protect me, Sir Knight! And look after me forevermore!
mitsurugi: Hm? Uh, well...
kazuma: Mitsurugi is right! Adventurers are here to defend everyone! This is a crisis for each and every one of us!
mitsurugi: Huh? Mitsurugi? Did you actually get my name right?!
lean: What Kazuma said is true... We're all in this together.
dust: If I help save the world, all the money and women I want will be mine! 
dust: I'll help too! It's my civic duty as an adventurer!
kazuma: Good! Let's all work together, for the sake of the world!
melissa: How can you cover up your own involvement and then tell everybody to pitch in? 
melissa: Wait, you're Kazuma. That's how.
kazuma: Whoa! That's enough from the peanut gallery!
melissa: Fine. This really doesn't concern me, anyway. I'm gonna go sell the treasure I got from the castle. 
melissa: See you around.
kazuma: She remembered to grab the treasure, even with the flood.\n
kazuma: That's a real treasure hunter.
lia: Uh, um...
megumin: I'm really proud of what you did back there, Kazuma.
darkness: Saying that this crisis is a problem for all of us...\n
darkness: That's strangely selfless of Kazuma, isn't it?
aqua: Well, it's Kazuma we're talking about, so I'm sure he's got some awful ulterior motive.
kazuma: Who's fault is this again, my dear, useless goddess?
lia: U-umm!
kazuma: Hm? What's up, Lia?
lia: Is this really everyone's problem? I mean, it all started because I was kidnapped, so...
aqua: There's nothing for you to apologize about. The problem is entirely Daniel being so bent on revenge.
lia: B-but...if the competition is canceled because of this, Cielo and Erika's dream will...
cielo: You don't need to worry about that, Lia. If this one is a bust, there's always next time.
erica: She's right. And even if it was somehow your responsibility, the three of us would share it. Axel Hearts is a team.
erica: You shouldn't stress out on your own, Lia.\n
erica: C'mon, let's turn that frown upside down!
lia: You're right... Thank you.
kazuma: Hold up. The competition might be canceled?
kazuma: That's no good. That's no good at all... If the girls don't win, my debt will never get paid!
kazuma: We have to take care of Daniel as quickly as possible. I won't deprive our dancer friends of their dream!
cielo: Kazuma, you're doing this for us?
lia: We can't let Kazuma and his friends do it alone. We'll help—
kazuma: There's no need for you to worry. I'll handle everything.\n
kazuma: If you really wanna help me...then win that contest!
erica: Hehe, leave it to us!
kazuma: I'm counting on all of you, Axel Hearts! You focus on the contest, and we'll handle the rest!
darkness: You're full of bluster, but do you have an actual plan?
kazuma: Well, what we have to do is get those Járngreipr gloves before Daniel does, right?
kazuma: Once that's done, the ancient weapon will be pretty much taken care of. Naturally, I'll need your help.
aqua: Well, obviously. I'd feel terrible for Axel Hearts if the competition was canceled.
megumin: But that leaves us with a very big question. Where is this Mount Worm? I've never even heard of it...
？？？: Mount Worm? Could it be...
Amy: Sorry, I couldn't help overhearing.
kazuma: Wait, do you know where it is?!
miia: It's a volcano way up north. Everyone where I come from knows of it.
aqua: That's right, they did say it was far to the north. So it's near the beastman village!
miia: If you want to visit it, I'll be your guide, Kazuma!
Amy: Oh Mia, you're such a good girl to offer to help them.\n
Amy: But what business do you have on Mount Worm?
megumin: That mountain holds the key to the future of this world.
kazuma: Please, show us the way there!
miia: Sure thing! We just ran out of veggies, too.
Amy: The area is full of monsters, so it's really dangerous.\n
Amy: You'll need to be fully prepared.
darkness: Dangerous, you say... 
darkness: I bet the monsters there pack a punch. Oh, happy day!
kazuma: I can't miss this chance to get my debt paid...
kazuma: Daniel won't be able to use Thor's Hammer if we get those gloves first!
