Exploration in This Land of Snow! - P5
ナレーション: Kazuma and company were joined by Lia as they made steady progress toward the summit of Mount Worm...
kazuma_winter: We've been walking forever. Why aren't we at the top?\n
kazuma_winter: And is it just me, or are these vegetables getting stronger?
megumin_winter: I'm just glad we don't have to worry about food.\n
megumin_winter: Too much food, though, can also be a problem...
megumin_winter: I had a nightmare last night about being chased by giant green vegetables.
miia: Yeah, I'd rather dream about being chased by giant chunks of delicious meat.
Amy: Oh my, you're such a tough girl, Mia.
aqua_winter: Agh, my feet are killing me. How much further to the summit?
lia: We have to be close. Just keep pushing forward.
darkness_winter: Do you think the hero with the magic sword is still fighting to keep Daniel and his minion off our tails?
darkness_winter: I hope we can reach the top and get our hands on Járngreipr before they show up again.
lia: Yeah, about that... What do we do after we collect these fancy gloves, anyway?
kazuma_winter: Destroying them seems like the best option. 
kazuma_winter: But is that even possible? Those gloves were made to withstand lightning.
megumin_winter: Hahaha! How about I vaporize them with my explosion magic?
kazuma_winter: Let's not. I'm pretty sure that'd make things worse.
megumin_winter: What's that supposed to mean?!
miia: Hey, Kazuma? Do you think I could have 'em? 
miia: Gloves are always handy when tendin' to veggies.
Amy: That's an excellent idea. 
Amy: Attagirl, Mia! You're so clever.
kazuma_winter: Not a chance. Totally off the table. Using those gloves isn't an option.
darkness_winter: Then the best thing we can do is keep them in a place where Daniel and his minions can't reach them.
darkness_winter: Would the treasury at the royal palace work? Security at the capital is far tighter than in Axel.
kazuma_winter: Yeah, that's actually a pretty good option. 
kazuma_winter: I trust you can win them over for us. 
kazuma_winter: Right, Lady Lalatina?
darkness_winter: I told you not to call me that!
ナレーション: A few hours later, Kazuma and company reached the summit...
kazuma_winter: *Wheeze* Ugh, I'm exhausted... The air's way too thin up here.
aqua_winter: C'mon, Kazuma. Man up a little. 
aqua_winter: Well, you were a shut-in NEET, so your weakness does make sense.
kazuma_winter: I-I'm no shut-in NEET! Besides, I don't have an advanced job class like you guys, so my stats are normal!
Amy: This place looks different from before. 
Amy: A seismic shift...caused by the hammer, perhaps?
miia: Okay, so where are these Járngreipr gloves?
megumin_winter: They're designed to wield an ancient artifact, so I'm sure they look pretty awesome. 
megumin_winter: Ooh, I can't wait to see them!
lia: Once we're done here, we just have to win the competition! As dancers, that is where our real fight begins.
kazuma_winter: Lia, you know saying that is just asking for trouble...
？？？: Mwahahahahaha! We've caught up with you at last.
lia: That sounds like...
charlie: *Wheeze* You ditched your comrade after he got caught in an avalanche. You really are cruel! 
charlie: Have you no loyalty?!
daniel: Luckily, it appears they haven't found Járngreipr just yet.
daniel: You've run out of time. Get out of my way. Járngreipr is mine.
darkness_winter: We won't give up that easily, you know. If you want those gloves so badly, try your little lightning trick again.
darkness_winter: I've never been attacked with lightning before. 
darkness_winter: Will I survive...or be torn asunder?
daniel: No, the physical burden is too great. That is why I have come to collect the Járngreipr. 
daniel: Now, out of the way.
？？？: Stop right there! Get away from Lady Aqua and the others!
mitsurugi: You cannot escape the wrath of Gram so easily! I will end this battle here and now!
daniel: For a mere mortal to fight his way this far... You truly are the hero of the legendary sword. 
daniel: Hm?
megumin_winter: Wh-what is this shaking?!
Amy: Oh, no... We must've awakened the King of Samuidoh with all this noise!
kazuma_winter: King of Samuidoh? Who the heck is—
？？？: Melo-melooon!
darkness_winter: L-look at the size of that thing!
aqua_winter: Hey, Amy! What kind of monster is that?
Amy: That's the King of Samuidoh, ruler of this mountain... It is the ultimate muskmelon!
Muskmelon: Melooon!
kazuma_winter: I can't believe what I'm seeing! I hate this world!
miia: I've heard stories, but I've never seen him before.
Muskmelon: Melo-melooon!
kazuma_winter: Grr! I refuse to be eaten by a fruit! Megumin!
megumin_winter: I'm on it. My magic will roast that thing!
miia: Baked melon... Sounds tasty! Can we eat it afterwards?
kazuma_winter: As much as you want, once it's down! C'mon, everyone!
