Exploration in This Land of Snow! - P1
kazuma: Why do you keep putting us in these situations?!
aqua: Don't get mad at me! It's not like I meant to do anything wrong!
lia: Th-that's right. Please don't blame Aqua.
This happened because I was kidnapped!
ナレーション: "One who dances like a goddess clad in blue shall alight upon the seal."
ナレーション: It wasn't malicious...but Aqua did cause the ancient weapon to reawaken...
daniel: Mwahahahaha... At last, it's mine. All mine!\n
daniel: The ultimate weapon of ancient legend... Thor's Hammer!
melissa: Thor's Hammer, eh? I'm sure it's worth a fortune, but it's pretty dangerous goods, too.
kazuma: I've heard about that thing in movies and video games. I think it was the weapon used by the god of thunder or something like that...
cielo: I sense incredible magical power flowing from it...
erica: What should do we do? We're in a real pickle here!
darkness: Everyone, behind me! I'll blunt his attacks for you!
megumin: ...
kazuma: Hey, Megumin. This is no time to be lying around. If we don't get out—
megumin: Ah... As a member of the Crimson Demon Clan, it calls to me!
megumin: Kazuma, get me closer to Thor's Hammer! I must behold it myself!
daniel: Umm... I really shouldn't have to say this, but... It's a dangerous artifact. You should probably be more afraid.
megumin: I have to see! C'mon, Kazuma...
kazuma: I'm not going anywhere near that freaky thing! Let's get out of here!
daniel: My, my. This really is becoming quite tedious. I've had enough of dealing with you people.
charlie: Lord Daniel! You did it... You finally did it!
daniel: Yes, and once I finish off these adventurers, it'll be over at last.\n
daniel: The Axel Hearts girls will be just fine, of course.
kazuma: Damn, I thought we'd finished this guy off!
daniel: Unfortunately for you, you have no hope of victory!\n
daniel: A truth you're about to learn with painful clarity!
daniel: Roar, mighty thunder!
Axel Hearts: Eeeeeek!
ナレーション: As Daniel smashed Thor's Hammer into the ground, bolts of lightning arced through the air and the entire castle shook...
kazuma: Whoa... Megumin's explosion magic had absolutely no effect on the castle, but that hammer really rocked it.
aqua: Kazuma, I think we might be in trouble. If that lightning so much as touches us, we'll be cooked!
cielo: I doubt any barrier spell would be able to stand up to it.
lia: More than that, it's a threat to the entire world!
charlie: Hehehe... It's too late now!\n
charlie: Lord Daniel! Hit them with a final blow!
daniel: Ugh...!
charlie: Wait, what?! How did you get electrocuted like that?!
daniel: I-I don't know... I must've made a mistake...\n
daniel: And to think, victory was within my grasp...
charlie: Ah, Lord Daniel! There's an instruction manual for the weapon here!
kazuma: Instruction manual? Why would an ancient weapon come with an instruction manual?
charlie: Let's see... "Thank you for choosing Thor's Hammer."
charlie: "Thor's Hammer, also known as Mjolnir, means 'crusher' in the ancient tongue. It should not be handled without proper protective equipment."
daniel: It would have been nice to know that beforehand.\n
daniel: The fault lies with me for not reading the thing, I suppose.
charlie: "Please use the magical gloves Járngreipr for optimal safe handling."
melissa: You work so hard to get an ancient weapon, and you can't even use it on its own. What a scam.
charlie: "Járngreipr can currently be found on Mount Worm in the distant north."
daniel: Ch-Charlie! Why didn't you keep that to yourself?!
charlie: Ah!
kazuma: You all heard that, right?
erica: Yep, these cute little ears picked up every word!
darkness: That weapon is simply too dangerous for us to ignore. We must find the gauntlets so they can't be used with Thor's Hammer!
daniel: Hold on. Do you really think we'll just let you leave?\n
daniel: You can hardly stand. You're barely a match for Charlie!
charlie: Leave them to me. I want to make amends for my slip of the tongue. 
charlie: Grrraaaaaah!
ナレーション: With a mighty howl, Charlie transformed into an elite troll.
kazuma: Damn, Megumin can't use her explosion magic.\n
kazuma: Which means...
kazuma: Aqua, do the thing! Do what you did to Verdia!
aqua: Are you sure? Well, if you say so... Sacred Create Water!
ナレーション: A great deluge of water filled the castle. Kazuma and his party used the surge to escape...
charlie_troll: *Glub glub glub*
daniel: B-blast you!
kazuma: Whew! Somehow we made it out of there.
lia: We can't let Daniel wield that weapon. He'd be a threat to the entire world.
melissa: Say, isn't all of this on your party? It has nothing to do with me.
kazuma: H-hey, we only happened to be there! It has nothing to do with us, either!
aqua: Yeah! If anything, I'm the victim!
darkness: I'm sure we all have thoughts about this, but we should probably report this incident to the guild as soon as possible.
Cielo, Erika: ...
ナレーション: Kazuma carried Megumin on his back, and with an air of dread about them, the group returned to Axel to deliver the bad news...
