Exploration in This Land of Snow! - P3
ナレーション: As Kazuma's party debated the threat of Thor's Hammer, wails of grief echoed through the castle of its wielder...
daniel: Waaaaaaaaah!
charlie: How long do you intend to keep this up, Lord Daniel? Tears won't bring back those dancers.
charlie: We read the manual. We know the location of\nJárngreipr, so why aren't we going to get them?
daniel: *Sob sob* I know, I know...
daniel: How pathetic I must seem.
daniel: But look at this! My entire collection of dancer memorabilia is completely soaked!
daniel: It's all because of that blue-haired arch priestess! How could I not mourn this tragedy?!
charlie: I thought I knew how crazy he was about his dancers, but this is too much... 
charlie: This doesn't bode well at all.
charlie: Well, if you can wield the full power of Thor's Hammer, such trinkets will no longer be necessary.
daniel: Huh? Why's that?
charlie: Once you have that sort of power, the dancers will come to you, intoxicated by your immense power. 
charlie: Then what need will you have for petty memorabilia?
daniel: Charlie!
charlie: O-Okay...
daniel: You're right. Your words make a great deal of sense.\n
daniel: Why, I feel better already!
daniel: With my favorite dancer at my side, I'll make my own memorabilia!\n
daniel: To that end, I must have the Járngreipr gloves!
charlie: Looks like he can't do without those trinkets...
daniel: It's settled. Ready my wyvern!
ナレーション: Meanwhile...
miia: Here, this way! Just a bit more!
kazuma_winter: Ugh, the cold here goes right to the bone.
Amy: It's especially cold this year. There are tons of snow sprites.
aqua_winter: Ugh, Kazuma. Use your Tinder skill already! I'm about to freeze solid over here!
kazuma_winter: No, I'm not gonna waste any energy.
mitsurugi: Kazuma Satou, the goddess made a request of you. Stop your grumbling and grant it!
kazuma_winter: I refuse. And what are you doing here, anyway?
mitsurugi: You said it yourself. This crisis is a problem for us all.\n
mitsurugi: Meaning without my aid, your mission is doomed to fail.
kazuma_winter: Ah, you're right, I did say that!
kazuma_winter: Well, I suppose it can't hurt to have a little help.
megumin_winter: Look over there. I see the silhouette of a tall mountain. Do you think it's Mount Worm?
darkness_winter: So the Járngreipr's over there somewhere... It'll be like finding a needle in a haystack.
aqua_winter: I say we should start from the top! Treasure is usually kept at the summit!
miia: Ah, let's eat!
Amy: Uh, I think you mean let's go.
mitsurugi: I hear that Mount Worm is full of dangerous monsters. But what sort of monsters, I wonder?
Amy: There are many kinds, but the strongest are the vegetables. 
Amy: They're also quite delicious.
miia: You see, fresh vegetables are full of vitality. They're way more dangerous than the ones from our village!
kazuma_winter: I really don't want to be killed by a bunch of veggies...\n
kazuma_winter: C'mon gang, stay sharp!
kazuma_winter: *Pant pant* This mountain is way bigger than I thought.
darkness_winter: We've only been climbing for an hour. At this rate, I'm not sure if we'll ever make it.
Amy: Huh? Is that...
charlie: Let's go, Lord Daniel! With the power of that ancient weapon, the Devil King's army is sure to accept us!
daniel: Yes, and eventually...my favorite dancer will be all mine!
ナレーション: A mighty wyvern rose into the sky. On its back were Daniel and Charlie...
aqua_winter: That's the wyvern from when Lia and I were kidnapped!
mitsurugi: Tch! It's cowardice to take a shortcut on dragonback!\n
mitsurugi: No more dilly-dallying. After them, on the double!
kazuma_winter: Nah, that sounds like too much trouble.
mitsurugi: Why are you so laid back about this?! The fate of the world rests on our shoulders!
kazuma_winter: Yo, Megumin. Fire off some of your explosion magic at that wyvern for me.
megumin_winter: Winged dragon that rules the skies. Kneel before the power of my crimson flames!
megumin_winter: Here it goes... Explosion!!
daniel: Gwaaaaaagh!
ナレーション: The explosion magic sent Daniel and Charlie sailing into the distance...
miia: Wow! That spell sure packs a punch!
kazuma_winter: Nicely done, Megumin.
mitsurugi: Launching a sneak attack so brazenly...
darkness_winter: Kazuma's decisiveness in these situations is his greatest strength.
mitsurugi: H-his strength? Surely you mean his greatest flaw?
megumin_winter: Kazuma, I can't move. Can you carry me again?
mitsurugi: Allow me, my lady. Here, you'll be safe on my—
megumin_winter: Uh, no thanks. Kazuma, hurry up. The ground is cold.
kazuma_winter: Gotcha. Up you go.
mitsurugi: She chose Kazuma Satou over me?!
ナレーション: As Mitsurugi stood frozen with shock, Kazuma and the others continued their ascent toward the peak of Mount Worm...
