A Swift Escape from This Predicament! - P6
daniel_troll: Ugh, how foolish! I didn't want to ruin this sacred stage, so I held back during the fight...
erica_stage: Hehe! That's a pretty lame excuse.
daniel_troll: You think that was an excuse? You're completely wrong.
daniel_troll: 
This hammer shall reduce the capital to dust!
kazuma: Huh? Is he attacking the city too? 
kazuma: Stop!
ナレーション: Daniel refused to heed Kazuma's cry, as he swung his hammer and lightning crashed through the city...
Capital Resident A: Nooooo! M-my house!
Capital Resident B: What's happening?! Where did this storm come from?! Everything is on fire!
darkness: Ugh! Is there anything we can do about this lightning?!
megumin: No more games! My explosion magic'll put an end to this!
megumin: Darkness blacker than black and darker than dark—
cielo_stage: Get a hold of yourselves, both of you!
kazuma: Megumin, don't! You'll only do more damage!
aqua: Then what are we supposed to do, Kazuma?!
kazuma: First we have to get the people away from this lightning!
melissa: The adorably fluffy... 
melissa: Er, I mean... 
melissa: Dear Mia and I will get the townsfolk to safety.
miia: Fluffy? 
miia: Eh, whatever. Point is, we've got this!
Amy: I'll help out, too. 
Amy: You just make sure you don't get hurt, okay sweetie?
daniel_troll: Fools! You think you can save everyone? Don't make me laugh!
charlie_troll: Lord Daniel! Finish them with one final blow!
daniel_troll: An excellent idea. Roar, oh mighty thunder!
darkness: Daniel! You must stop involving innocent people in this!
daniel_troll: No! Until the Devil King recognizes me and Lia accepts my proposal, this city will suffer!
lia_stage: Ugh... We have to save everyone!
kazuma: Don't! Lia, wait!
darkness: No, she's too far for me to reach her in time!
daniel_troll: Now, prepare to die... 
daniel_troll: Scorch the earth, mighty artillery of the heavens!
lia_stage: Magic keyboard, protect everyone!
kazuma: Wh-what in the...?
cielo_stage: Wow, look at that barrier. Did Lia make that?
erica_stage: She just used it for music before, but...her keyboard was capable of that this whole time?!
kazuma: I get it... It's because she regained her memory. That's why she knows what her keyboard can do!
daniel_troll: Nothing can escape the wrath of Thor's Hammer! How can this be?!
lia_stage: I'll keep them safe. You won't hurt anyone else today!
megumin: Amazing! The magical sound is blocking the lightning from Thor's Hammer!
erica_stage: I don't really understand, but keep it up, Lia!
charlie_troll: That keyboard can do this... Where did it come from?!
lia_stage: Hrrraaaaaah!
daniel_troll: Urgh... Gwaaaaarrrgh!
ナレーション: As Lia cried out, the barrier created by her keyboard deflected the lightning skyward...
charlie_troll: O-oh my...! Thor's Hammer has no effect against it?!
daniel_troll: Charlie, we must retreat for now! We need to regroup!
aqua: Hold it right there! You're not getting away this time!
darkness: Aqua! Let him go.
darkness: Lia may have stopped the lightning, but the danger to the people and the city remains. 
darkness: It's best to let him go.
daniel_troll: A wise warrior knows to avoid that which is unknown. 
daniel_troll: However, today's loss will not go unavenged.
daniel_troll: I will return...and I will continue until Lia is mine!
charlie_troll: Lord Daniel, you're focusing heavily on marrying Lia. You're doing this to rejoin the Devil King's army, no?
daniel_troll: O-of course I am! This is to prove myself to the Devil King! Come, wyvern!
ナレーション: Daniel and Charlie climbed onto the back of the wyvern and flew off in defeat...
lia_stage: I guess...it's over...for now. 
lia_stage: We have to repair the arena. Evacuate the townsfolk, too.
kazuma: Lia?!
lia_stage: Ugh... 
lia_stage: Ughhh...
cielo: Lia, you're awake!
lia_stage: I, uh...
erica: You suddenly collapsed, so I was worried. But I guess it was just from using so much magic.
erica: That keyboard's barrier seems like it takes a lot of energy. It's powerful, but probably hard to keep going for long.
lia_stage: I see... Sorry for making you worry like that.
cielo: Not at all. I'm just glad to see you're awake.
erica: But...you still seem a bit down. Are you hurt?
lia_stage: No, I'm fine. How are Kazuma and the others?
cielo: They're helping clear the rubble from the amphitheater.
erica: Aqua was repairing the stage with impressive craftsmanship. She's quite skilled from all those construction jobs.
cielo: We'll be heading out to help soon, but you should stay here and rest, Lia.
lia_stage: I see... Daniel put so many innocent people in danger once again. This has to stop.
lia_stage: Cielo, Erika... We need to talk.
cielo: Lia?
erica: Wh-what's going on? Why are you suddenly so serious?
lia_stage: I realized something important when my memories came back. I have a mission here, in this world.
lia_stage: Because I was chosen and sent to this place, I have to defeat the Devil King and ensure the safety of the people here.
lia_stage: And if I'm to complete that mission... I can't just keep doing whatever I please.
lia_stage: I'm terribly sorry to both of you, but I can't let him continue his rampage.
lia_stage: I...am quitting Axel Hearts.
erica: Quitting? 
erica: Tell me you're joking!
cielo: Please tell us you're joking, Lia!
ナレーション: Lia was quite serious as she looked Cielo and Erika in their tear-filled eyes, and slowly shook her head.
