A Swift Escape from This Predicament! - P4
erica: What do we do, Kazuma?! They're gone! We looked everywhere for our super cute costumes, but we can't find them!
kazuma: Calm down, Erika. We need to think! Did you forget them somewhere, or maybe leave them with someone?
cielo: Of course not! The bags with our costumes were over by the wall all this time! They just disappeared!
kazuma: Could it be a prank? Or maybe a fan ran off with them... 
kazuma: Aw, hell with it! You'll have to go out as you are!
lia: No, our costumes have to be registered in advance. 
lia: Unless we find them, we'll have to forfeit.
miia: Drop out? Does that mean we won't be able to see your show, then?
kazuma: What are you all doing here?
Amy: We came to cheer them on before their big show. We heard everything. Is there anything we can do? 
lia: Well, yeah. If we can find our costumes, everything will be okay.
miia: I was really looking forward to the show...
melissa: And now Mia is sad... 
melissa: But not for long! This looks like a job for a top treasure hunter!
kazuma: Are you sure, Melissa?!
melissa: Yeah. Just relax and wait here. 
melissa: By the way, after I find the costumes... 
melissa: You think I could touch Mia's precious ears again?
melissa: My tracking skills say our costume thieves went this way.
kazuma: You can tell that just by looking at the tracks? You're a real adventurer, huh?
melissa: I'm no mere adventurer! I'm a treasure hunter! We're chasing down a thief. 
melissa: But...hm. Something's strange.
Amy: Strange? What's strange?
melissa: These tracks, and the trail left behind... These thieves aren't human.
miia: Look! Isn't that their costumes over there?!
ナレーション: Mia pointed at a group of large, hooded men. In their hands were the lost costumes...
miia: Give back those costumes!
melissa: Hold on, Mia. There's something weird about those—
Trolls: Groooaaar!
kazuma: Trolls?! So the culprits were monsters all along.
miia: Hey, trolls! Those costumes belong to my friends! Give 'em back!
Troll A: Bwuh?!
Amy: Mia's fighting for her friends! Look at her go! 
Amy: I'll help too!
Amy: I'll do anything for my dear Mia!
Troll B: Gwagh!
kazuma: Oh, nice shot!
Troll C: Urrrgh. We can't be captured. We take this to Lord Daniel!
kazuma: Whoa! Don't let 'em get away!
Amy: Kazuma, we need to get these costumes to the girls.
kazuma: Tch... You're right. That's our priority now.
kazuma: But those trolls said "Lord Daniel" before they left...right? I didn't just imagine that?
Announcement: Sorry for the delay. The next group is a three-member team hailing from Axel... Axel Hearts!
erica_stage: Hi, everyone! We're Axel Hearts! 
erica_stage: Who's ready for a triple helping of cuteness?!
cielo_stage: W-we're gonna put on a good show! Please give us your support!
miia: Yaaaaay! Axel Hearts! You're the best!
kazuma: Looks like they made it in time. Now it's up to the girls to knock 'em dead!
lia_stage: We're going to perform our hit song, "Bright Show"!
Announcement: After careful consideration, the team that will advance to next round is...
Announcement: ...Axel Hearts!
erica_stage: Hooray!
cielo_stage: Erika, Lia, we did it!
Rival Dancer: I hate to say it, but you won, Erika. You really were the cutest one out there.
erica_stage: Huh? Oh, please. Calling me cute like that... Go on! 
erica_stage: More, more!
lia_stage: Your singing and dancing were really top-notch. It was a good contest.
Rival Dancer: Still, we were the ones who lost. But we'll be training hard, so I hope you'll be ready next time!
lia_stage: They took that loss well... I admire their strength.
erica_stage: Well, they were partnered with me, you know. But we need to keep practicing if we're gonna beat them again next time!
cielo_stage: Hm? Lia, one of your back buttons is missing.
lia_stage: Oh, you're right. It must've popped off during our routine.
erica_stage: Yeah, the choreography for that song is pretty intense. We'll sew a new one on back in our room.
ナレーション: As the theater roared with applause for Axel Hearts, Daniel's castle echoed with mournful wailing once again...
daniel: Waaaaaaaaaaaah...
charlie: Oh, Lord Daniel. When will this wailing end? I can't sleep at night! Look at these bags under my eyes!
Troll A: *Pant pant* S-Sir Charlie!
charlie: Oh, you're one of the trolls I sent to fetch some dancer items from the humans. How did it go?
Troll A: H-here...
charlie: Hm. Awfully small.... 
charlie: Hey, what gives?! This is just a button! I told you to pilfer some sweet idol merch!
daniel: Wait a second, Charlie! Is that... Let me have a closer look!
daniel: Oh... Ohoooooo! That's it! It's a button from Lia's costume!
charlie: It's Lia's?! But I thought she was dead...
Troll B: Axel Hearts is alive and well... They compete in contest at capital.
daniel: Lia is...alive? 
daniel: Oh, happy day! What a splendid twist of fate!
daniel: If that's the case, I have to do something! Charlie, we shall depart for the capital immediately!
charlie: Yes, Lord Daniel! I'm glad to see you're back to your old self at last!
daniel: Yes, now I understand. 
daniel: I shall take Lia as my bride!
charlie: My lord?
daniel: If I am to marry her, I shall require a stable income.
daniel: First, I'll strike the human city with Thor's Hammer so that the Devil King will want to rehire me!
charlie: Y-your purpose is a bit warped, but you've got a goal now, which is good. 
charlie: We're back on track! Er, more or less.
daniel: If I secure a position as one of the Devil King's generals, Lia will surely agree to be my wife!
daniel: Wait for me, my beloved Lia! 
daniel: At long last, we shall be united!
ナレーション: And so, Daniel found himself filled with new ambition as he emerged from hiding...
