A Swift Escape from This Predicament! - P1
ナレーション: Several days after Daniel took Járngreipr from the summit of Mount Worm...
megumin: We haven't heard from Daniel in a while... He should be out there running wild, now that he can wield Thor's Hammer.
darkness: He hasn't come here or tried to attack any other towns. I'm grateful, but worried all the same.
aqua: Maybe he hasn't recovered from the shock of killing Lia yet.
kazuma: Whatever the reason, Daniel's silence means the dance competition at the capital is still on schedule.
erica: Yea, about that... There's a teensy little problem.
kazuma: A problem?
erica: There's not a lot of time left until the competition. 
erica: Lia's holed up in her room, and nothing can get her out.
cielo: We'd like to get in some more practice together, but we don't know what to do.
megumin: Lia got her memories back on Mount Worm, right?
aqua: That's what she said anyway... Is she doing all right? Is she eating properly?
erica: Yeah, she's eating. We put food outside her room, and when we came back, the dishes were empty.
cielo: She sneaks off to the bathroom when she needs to, too. If she wants something, she'll write a note for us.
kazuma: She's turned into a total shut-in! 
kazuma: ...Something I'm sadly familiar with.
cielo: With Lia like this, we have no choice but to cancel—
kazuma: No way! You all came this far and worked so hard. You can't give up so easily!
kazuma: Besides, I've got a billion Eris riding on Axel Hearts! I refuse to give up on paying back my debts!
erica: I understand what you're saying, but there's nothing—
kazuma: Listen, only the eight groups who win their region move on to the finals. The hopes of thousands are riding on you!
erica: Huh?
kazuma: That includes the groups you beat to move forward. You have a duty to them to put on the best show possible!
cielo: Y-you're right. We've only been thinking of ourselves.\n
cielo: You're really something else, Kazuma.
kazuma: Well, the same goes for me, but...
kazuma: And as your producer, I want to see that show, too. Show me how brightly you can shine!
Cielo ＆ Erika: Sure thing, Producer!
lia: Producer? Is Kazuma here, too?
kazuma: It's Lia! She's come out of her room!
erica: She must've understood your passion, Kazuma!
cielo: Lia, the competition is coming up. Let's practice our moves!
lia: Practice. Right. First, I need to talk to Kazuma and Aqua. Will you come to my room?
aqua: She wants to talk to Kazuma...and me?
ナレーション: Lia's previously spotless room was completely cluttered again, so Aqua and Kazuma carefully stepped where they could...
kazuma: Wh-why do we have to talk in here?
lia: Um, it's important. And I only want you two to hear.
aqua: All right... I understand. You want to join the Order of Axis, so you need a recommendation!
kazuma: Yeah, I doubt that's it.
lia: I...remember.
kazuma: Ah, your memories came back. That's a good thing, right?
aqua: Have you contacted your family? They must be worried.
lia: I don't have family...in this world.
kazuma: In this world?
lia: The truth is, I'm from Japan and was reborn here.
aqua: Aha! I knew it! Your face looked really familiar to me, so—
Kazuma ＆ Aqua: Whaaaaaat?!
ナレーション: As Kazuma and Aqua cried out in shock at Lia's revelation, heavy sobs echoed throughout Daniel's castle...
daniel: *Sob sob sob* Waaaaaaaaah!
charlie: Lord Daniel, do you intend to keep crying forever?
daniel: But...but Lia is dead! 
daniel: Oh, why did I lay my hands on that accursed hammer to begin with?!
charlie: Wasn't it, um...for the sake of rejoining the Devil King?
daniel: ...Oh.
daniel: When you put it that way, I guess you're right. I'd completely forgotten.
daniel: You're absolutely right! Taking Lia as my bride was part of my plan to earn the Devil King's respect. 
daniel: Oh, the tragedy!
charlie: Well, that's because you...
daniel: Waaaaaah! Without my favorite idol, there's no point in going on! Waaaaaaaaah!
charlie: Killing the one you love... Such a tragedy, Lord Daniel.
charlie: Hm? What are you doing here?
Troll A: We want...help Lord Daniel.
charlie: In that case, go to the human town and gather some dancer goods. New love is the best cure for a broken heart!
Troll B: W-we go now.
charlie: Remember, Lord Daniel likes cool, long-haired beauties.
charlie: You'll soon see, humans! When Lord Daniel is himself again, it will mean your doom!
