A Swift Escape from This Predicament! - P3
kazuma: Okay, this is the real deal, so let's go over the rules one more time.
kazuma: First, there are eight teams in the contest. The initial round has the teams competing two at a time.
kazuma: The winner will be determined by the judge's score and crowd's reaction. The four winners will move on to the semifinals.
kazuma: Remember, the other teams are the best of their regions.\n
kazuma: It's time to show 'em YOU'RE better!
kazuma: Erika, let's show them just how cute you are!
erica: Huh?! What did you just say, Kazuma? 
erica: One more time, please!
kazuma: Cielo, I know you work harder than anyone. With your skill, no one can beat you. Be confident!
cielo: G-got it!
erica: Wait, Kazuma. You just said I was—
kazuma: Lia! I know you still need to process a lot, but this is it! Give it everything you've got today!
lia: I'm sorry for causing you so much trouble. 
lia: I intend to make up for it right here and now.
erica: Hey! Are you even listening to me, Kazuma?!
darkness: Hey, is Kazuma here? I need to talk to him.
kazuma: Darkness? What's going on?
darkness: We've been summoned to the castle. They want to discuss Daniel, so I'd like you to go with me.
kazuma: Okay. Let's head over there.
kazuma: I've got some business to attend to, so I'm stepping out for a bit.
kazuma: I'll be back in time for the show, so get yourselves ready.\n
kazuma: Remember, we're in this to win. Go Axel Hearts!
erica: Kazuma, wait a second! 
erica: I wanted him to say the magic word again...
cielo: Hey, he cheered you up, so why worry about it?
lia: It wasn't just you Erika, he gave me a boost, too.
erica: You're right. Kazuma is counting on us, so let's win this!
？？？: Hm? That voice... Could it be Erika?
erica: I-it's you!
cielo: Our opponents... Do you know them, Erika?
Rival Dancer: She used to work with us. I was wondering who Axel Hearts were... It's Erika's new group.
Rival Dancer: Are you still obsessed with being cute? How lame. These days, goth punk is all the rage!
erica: You're still doing the goth thing? There's nothing special about you, so quit pretending you're punk!
Rival Dancer: Sheesh! You haven't changed a bit. I never did like you, Erika!
erica: Likewise! I'm glad we split up! Because of that, I met these wonderful friends!
Rival Dancer: Same here! You don't stand a chance going up against our goth punk style!
lia: You're both so different... How did you ever work together?
Rival Dancer: Anyway, your dream ends here! Prepare to be crushed!
erica: There's no way you're beating us! Kazuma told me that 
erica: I'm so cute, he could die! You don't 
erica: stand a chance!
Rival Dancer: Huh? Who's this Kazuma?
lia: He's a famous man in Axel... An adventurer who's defeated Devil King generals. He also happens to be our producer.
Rival Dancer: Oh, I've heard of him. He beat the Devil King's generals, and he's a panty-stealing pervert!
Rival Dancer: If I upset him, he'll probably steal my panties, too... I-I'll let you off the hook today! So long, losers!
lia: And there she goes.
cielo: Today, she said. Our match against them is today. 
cielo: Also, Kazuma's reputation is rather...colorful?
erica: It doesn't matter what they say about him! Nobody who says I'm cute could be a bad person!
ナレーション: Meanwhile, Kazuma and Darkness knelt in the great hall of the castle they were summoned to...
Attendant: I am grateful you could come on such short notice. I shall try to keep this short, so please bear with me.
Attendant: Firstly, I wish to extend our thanks for your report. We appreciate the information on the threats to our kingdom.
kazuma: Of course. We tried to stop them on our own, but we were sadly a little too late to stop the ritual.
darkness: Our humblest apologies. One of our members is the one who—
kazuma: Whoa! Darkness, let me do the talking. I'm speaking with the attendant here!
kazuma: I have to hide the fact that Aqua completed the ritual. If I don't, I'm sure they'll charge me for damages.
Attendant: We have sent out spies to conduct a proper investigation.
Attendant: We see that former Devil King general Daniel poses an extreme threat, so we have placed a 500 million Eris bounty on him.
kazuma: F-five hundred million?!
Attendant: Thus, since you have defeated the Devil King's generals before, we would like to ask you to eliminate this threat.
kazuma: That means if we win the contest and also defeat Daniel, my debt will be paid and I'll even have some left over! 
kazuma: Hahh...
kazuma: Hehehe... I've dealt with plenty of his kind in the past, so you can leave this little job to me!
darkness: He may be laying low, but Daniel is still very dangerous. We must defeat him as quickly as possible!
kazuma: Yeah, plus we'll get a cool five hundred mil to boot. 
kazuma: But first things first. We've got a contest to win!
kazuma: Hey, girls! I'm back. Are you all set?
Lia, Cielo ＆ Erika: ...
kazuma: Hm? Hey, it's almost time for the show. Shouldn't you be in costume?
lia: Kazuma, that's the problem!
kazuma: Problem? What problem?
cielo: Our costumes... They're missing!
kazuma: Ah, your costumes are— 
kazuma: MISSING?!
kazuma: ?
ナレーション: With one hour left until the show, the cheers of the audience cut deep into the wounded spirits of Axel Hearts...
