A Swift Escape from This Predicament! - P2
lia: I came to this world from Japan.
kazuma: No way! 
kazuma: But come to think of it, it kind of makes sense... She's got black hair and I could see her being Japanese.
lia: Your name is Kazuma Satou, so you're the same, right?\n
lia: That's why I'm letting you in on my secret.
lia: As for Aqua... 
lia: Pardon me. "Lady Aqua," I mean. You're a real goddess, yes? I believe we met before I came to this world.
aqua: Oh, right, right! I totally remember now! 
aqua: How could I forget a face like yours?
kazuma: She doesn't remember a thing.
aqua: But you don't need to call me Lady Aqua. Just Aqua is fine.
lia: All right, I think I can do that.
kazuma: But it's good your memory came back, right? Why have you locked yourself in your room?
lia: I was thinking about whether it's right for me to continue.
lia: Do you mind if I talk about something personal?
ナレーション: Kazuma and Aqua quietly nodded, and Lia put down Konjiro as a serious look crossed her face...
lia: I was doing the idol thing back when I was in Japan.
kazuma: Oh! Seriously?! 
kazuma: What was your name?
lia: You wouldn't recognize my name. I was part of a group with a ton of members.
lia: I was training to move up into the main group. Then my debut came, and I was happier than I'd ever been.
aqua: So that's why you're so good at singing and dancing.
lia: Then one day, I came down with a severe throat infection. I couldn't sing anymore.
lia: While I was still reeling from that, I got in a traffic accident...and ended up in this world.
kazuma: Just like me.
aqua: Technically, you didn't die because of an accident. It was the shock of thinking you were hit by a truck.
kazuma: Don't tell her that!
lia: Anyway...
lia: The best thing about being reborn was singing again. I really wanted to sing and dance like I used to.
lia: But I have a mission here... I'm supposed to defeat the Devil King and save the world.
lia: I was in the naginata club in high school, so I started leveling up as a lancer. 
lia: You know...
lia: But one day, I was riding on a cart that was attacked by monsters. I got thrown off and fell down a cliff.
lia: I forgot my own name and that I came here from Japan. Then I met Cielo and Erika, who wanted to be dancers.
lia: My memories were gone, but my skills remained. When they saw my singing and dancing, they wanted to form a group.
lia: I was overjoyed. They were my first friends in this world.
kazuma: I see. I never would have guessed.
aqua: So Lia is a name you came up with after you lost your memories, right? What's your real name?
lia: My real name doesn't matter anymore. I'm used to being called Lia here. But more importantly...
lia: Is it really okay for me to continue being a dancer?
kazuma: Do you want to quit?
lia: Of course not! But I have my mission. It feels like I need to focus on defeating the Devil King.
aqua: That's great! I'm happy to hear that you take the duty I bestowed upon you as a hero so seriously!
aqua: But I don't want to see you working so hard if it's going to make you sad. 
aqua: What is it you really want to do, Lia?
lia: What do I really want to do?
aqua: If you are troubled, take time to enjoy life and choose the easier path.
aqua: Don't hold back. Follow your instincts!
lia: *Gasp*
aqua: Hehe! That's one of the Order's great axioms!
lia: Aqua!
kazuma: It may not sound like much coming from me, but if the goddess says so, then why not do what you want?
kazuma: You found friends through your dancing. You met us, too. And Cielo and Erika said they wanted to keep dancing.
kazuma: I think the best thing you can do right now is go and be with your friends. 
kazuma: That...and win the contest!
lia: Kazuma... 
lia: Ah!
ナレーション: At last, the day of the dance competition arrived...
miia: So this is what the capital's like! It's so huge! And I bet there's a lotta super tasty stuff here!
melissa: I'll buy you whatever you want, just pick something out. 
melissa: So, pretty please... Let me touch your ears?
miia: Eep! That tickles! Stop!
Amy: Um, Melissa? Mia doesn't like that, so could you please stop?
melissa: Fine, I can pet you instead. 
melissa: Oh, those ears are to DIE for! Please, oh please, can I touch the ends?
Amy: D-don't! My ears are sensitive!
kazuma: Hey, do you remember why we're even here today? We're here to support Axel Hearts.
aqua: We know that! It's a tournament, they'll be up on stage, and we'll be cheering them on!
darkness: But we haven't heard a peep from Daniel this whole time. I'm a bit nervous about that. 
darkness: In any event, the contest comes first.
megumin: Okay, time to get fired up for the first day of the contest! 
megumin: Has there ever been a better time for a celebratory explosion?!
kazuma: Just do it outside of the city, okay?
kazuma: Everyone else is enjoying themselves today, but for you three, it's time to go to work.
kazuma: Every bit of your grueling training will pay off today! Go out there, and show them what you've got!
erica: You don't have to tell us that! I'll prove to the world that I'm the cutest dancer ever!
cielo: Ah... There's so many men out there, though... 
cielo: I really hope my fists don't start flying.
kazuma: Seriously, don't screw up and get yourselves disqualified.
lia: This is for my dear friends... I promise to sing my heart out!
ナレーション: The members of Axel Hearts huddled up and let out a cheer. The dance competition was about to begin...
