A Final Battle for This Newbie Town! - P5
ナレーション: Having climbed onto the back of his wyvern, Daniel and Charlie made their way towards Axel...
charlie: A messenger should arrive any moment now. 
charlie: We'll finally be back in the Devil King's army again!
daniel: What do you say we hold our grand finale first? 
daniel: I shall dedicate it to my upcoming marriage to Lia.
daniel: I will destroy Axel, the birthplace of Axel Hearts!
charlie: Are you sure about this? Won't destroying the home of the dancers make Lia and the others sad?
daniel: Fear not. My castle shall become Lia's new home. I'm sure she will love it.
daniel: Come! Let us complete the final step toward my marriage and my reinstatement!
kazuma: It's time. Is everyone ready?
megumin: Of course! I'm itching to give Daniel a taste of my explosion magic.
mitsurugi: I vow to keep everyone safe! That is my duty!
lia: Duty...
erica: Wait for us!!
lia: Cielo? Erika? What are you doing here? What about the contest?
erica: The contest is the reason we're here!
cielo: We thought about it, and it's just not right to do it without you. Won't you please come back?
lia: The reason I kept dancing was to regain my memories. Now that I have, there's no reason for me to continue.
erica: Who cares about that?! 
erica: How can you just walk out on us right when we need you most?! How selfish are you?!
lia: I know my selfishness has caused you trouble, and I'm sorry.\n
lia: But right now I have a responsibility to stop Daniel.
lia: I have the power to stop Thor's Hammer. It would be more selfish of me to dance instead of using that power.
cielo: Lia, you once told us you loved to sing and dance. Were you lying to us?
lia: My duty is more important.
erica: Lia!
Announcement: Emergency! Emergency! Daniel and Charlie have been spotted northeast of the city!
Announcement: We have confirmed Daniel is in possession of Thor's Hammer! All available adventurers, assemble at the gates at once!
chris: Kazuma, you were right! Daniel's here!
aqua: So, the perverted stalker finally shows himself! I'll give him the final send-off he deserves!
megumin: Hahaha! Thor's Hammer, or my explosion magic? 
megumin: Today we shall see once and for all which is more powerful!
darkness: We may have the protection of the magical keyboard... 
darkness: But I'm ready to take a hit or two!
kazuma: Alright, let Dust and the others know! Lia, don't forget that keyboard of yours!
lia: I'm on it!
cielo: Lia, we're coming with—
lia: You two stay out of this!
erica: He's really powerful, right? Let us help—
lia: We don't need you! You'll only get in the way, so stay out of it!
cielo: ...
erica: Did you hear that?
cielo: She was just lying. She's trying to keep us out of danger.
erica: I know that! Even her lies are the worst!
cielo: What should we do?
erica: I would think that's obvious. We wouldn't be Axel Hearts without all three members, now would we?!
dust: What took you so long, Kazuma? We were about to start without you. 
dust: Though I'm having second thoughts now...
lean: Stop being so cowardly. You've committed, so suck it up.
melissa: Don't worry about me. I'll work for my reward. 
melissa: Maybe I'll even earn my cut by dealing the final blow to Daniel.
Wyvern: Rrraaawwwrrr!!
ナレーション: The wyvern landed outside the city walls and let out a mighty roar as Daniel and Charlie slid down off its back.
charlie: Well, would you look at this... Everyone's here. Have you come to let Lord Daniel burn you all to a crisp?
daniel: Lia, I've been longing to see you again! Sorry to keep you waiting.\n
daniel: Your future husband is here at last!
lia: I have been waiting as well... For the day I defeat you!
cecily: This is your last chance to surrender and repent!
wiz: Daniel, you mustn't give in to despair! Please, let's sit down and discuss—
daniel: Silence! You can gather as many people as you like. I will show you all how powerless you are against Thor's Hammer!
arue: So that's Thor's Hammer, is it? I see you weren't 
arue: exaggerating when you described how awesome it was.
megumin: I told you! You feel it too, don't you?! That tug at your very soul?!\n
megumin: Let's take it so we can admire it up close!
melissa: For once I agree with you, my little Crimson Demon. 
melissa: As a treasure hunter, that would be a valuable prize indeed.
charlie: You don't honestly believe you stand a chance against such a powerful weapon, do you?! 
charlie: How ridiculous!
daniel: It's no use, Charlie. The only way to teach the ignorant is by demonstration, which they'll have soon enough.
Daniel ＆ Charlie: Grrroooaaarrr!!
darkness: They're starting at full power? Worthy opponents indeed. Now let's see what your lightning can do! Hit me!
daniel_troll: Ready or not, here I come! You shall taste the full power of my lightning!
kazuma: Lia, now! Do it!
lia: Magical keyboard... Lend me your power!
