A Final Battle for This Newbie Town! - P4
daniel: Mwahaha! With the power of Thor's Hammer, I can destroy an entire village with a wave of my hand!
charlie: What power! This is truly amazing, Lord Daniel! Words do not do your magnificence justice!
charlie: I'm sure the Devil King is impressed as well. He's sure to welcome you back to his army any day now!
daniel: After I am reinstated, I will request my back wages from the Devil King!
daniel: I will then use the money to pay for my wedding with Lia! 
daniel: I wonder if the Devil King pays spousal benefits...
charlie: Wedding costs and spousal benefits? He's thinking so small. 
charlie: I suppose that's not such a bad thing, though.
darkness: We've received word that Daniel attacked the neighboring town. The people managed to escape, but the town itself was destroyed.
mitsurugi: That monster is destroying innocent people's homes!
megumin: Kazuma, we should take him down as soon as possible!
kazuma: I know how you feel, but we shouldn't rush into this. 
kazuma: Daniel seems to be attacking indiscriminately, but...
kazuma: The fact there have been no casualties suggests that his aim isn't to hurt people. So what's he after, then?
lia: I remember him saying he wanted to rejoin the Devil King's army. 
lia: Could he be trying to show off?
kazuma: That's it! He's trying to advertise his newfound power by destroying these towns and villages!
aqua: Advertise? Sounds a bit petty to me.
kazuma: Take a look at this map. This here is the route Daniel has taken. From what I can tell, Axel is next on his list!
miia: And that's when we attack! Good thinking, Kazuma!
arue: So the time has finally come... The power contained beneath\n
arue: my eye patch is itching to be released!
ynyn: Hey, where are Cielo and Erika? It feels weird for Lia to be here without them.
lia: They stayed behind in the capital to continue practicing for the contest.
Amy: Shouldn't we ask the two of them to come? We could use all the help we can—
lia: No! Those two both share a dream of becoming dancers. 
lia: I don't want to drag them away from it, into such a dangerous fight.
darkness: What about you, Lia? After all the work you put in practicing for the contest...
lia: I can't afford to be a dancer when the world is in such peril.
lia: My only wish for them now is to find a replacement for me and win the contest. That is what I'm fighting for.
kazuma: And you're absolutely sure about this?
lia: Yes. If we don't defeat Daniel, there may not even be 
lia: a contest left to participate in. I must fulfill my duty.
kazuma: I can see you're determined. I'm glad. If we're going to do this, we're going to need that magical keyboard of yours.
aqua: That's for sure. Right now, it's the only defense we have against Thor's Hammer.
chris: Exactly what kind of power does this magical keyboard have?
aqua: It has the ability to raise powerful defensive barriers.
aqua: The last time we fought Daniel, Lia's keyboard was able to block the lightning from Thor's Hammer.
lia: The barrier remains in effect as long as I'm playing it.
miia: Wow! That's amazing, Lia. If you're able to do that, 
miia: there's no way we can lose!
lia: The barrier may be strong, but it takes a lot out of me. I can only use it for so long. 
lia: I'll have to time it carefully.
mitsurugi: I see. So, how we use this magical keyboard will play a big part in whether we win or lose the upcoming battle.
dust: Hey, guys! What do you think about giving the entire reward to the one that deals the final blow?
lean: That'll just lead to the dumbest among us being killed first.\n
lean: If you want to live, then stick with Kazuma's plan, got it?
kazuma: I'm counting on everyone's help to save the world!
kazuma: And to help repay this debt of mine...
ナレーション: Meanwhile, back in the capital...
erica: Phew... Today's practice wore me out.
cielo: Well, we've been dancing since this morning. I think it's really paying off, though. We're clearly improving.
cielo: The girl Lia introduced to us is really good too. 
cielo: We should still have a shot at winning the contest.
erica: Yeah. It's been our dream... 
erica: To win this contest...
Cielo ＆ Erika: ...
cielo: Hey, Erika? Do you really think we should continue with the contest?
erica: Wh-what are you talking about?! 
erica: You can't get cold feet now! Why do you think we've been working so hard?!
cielo: But what about Lia...?
erica: She's the one who told us to participate in the first place. 
erica: She's the worst for backing out at a time like this!
cielo: Do you really believe that?
erica: Well...maybe not. She's more like the bottom of the best. 
erica: So she's closest to the worst...or something like that.
cielo: Is Axel Hearts still the same group if Lia's not part of it?
erica: Don't ask me that... It's not fair.
erica: Maybe we really do need her. 
erica: Do you think we can still make it in time?!
cielo: Yeah, if we hurry!
