A Final Battle for This Newbie Town! - P6
daniel_troll: *Pant pant* You're stronger than I expected. 
daniel_troll: But this ends now. Feel my lightning!
lia: No! I won't let you!
ナレーション: Daniel released his most powerful bolt yet, but the barrier from Lia's magical keyboard held...
megumin: It's no good! Lia blocked the lightning bolt, but she's not going to last much longer!
kazuma: Just how much lightning can that thing shoot, anyway?! 
kazuma: He's got to be cheating somehow!
charlie_troll: Gwahaha! Your little toy doesn't scare us! Daniel is the most powerful being in this world!
Amy: Lia can't take much more of this...
Cielo ＆ Erika: Lia!
lia: What are you two doing here?! 
lia: I told you not to come!
cielo: You chose to act without consulting us, so we're simply returning the favor.
erica: Even if you tell us we'll just get in the way, I'm not about to sit back and let you have all the fun!
lia: Cielo... Erika...
cielo: No matter what difficulties we face, we do it together. 
cielo: We're never going to leave your side, Lia!
erica: Nothing's impossible as long as we work together!
ナレーション: As soon as Cielo and Erika began singing, the magical keyboard began to emit a brilliant light...
lia: I can feel the keyboard's magic growing.
cielo: Lia, sing with us!
erica: Axel Hearts isn't complete without all three of its members!
lia: You're right!
daniel_troll: What?! The barrier has regained its strength! No... It's even more powerful than before!
kazuma: I see an opening! Give them everything we've got!
lean: Blade of Wind!
ynyn: Light of Saber!
arue: Inferno!
daniel_troll: Rrraaawwwrrr! Don't get cocky, you little pests!
mitsurugi: That's my cue. Now it's my turn! 
mitsurugi: Taste the steel of Gram, my cursed sword!
daniel_troll: Grrraaaaaarrr!!
kazuma: It's working! Now that he's weakened, the difference in our levels doesn't matter! Chris! Melissa! 
kazuma: You two are up!
chris: I never expected this skill would come in handy at a time like this! How exciting!
melissa: Hehe, time to teach this swine his place.
Kazuma, Chris ＆ Melissa: Steal!
daniel_troll: Hahaha! You really think you can use Steal to take Thor's Hammer from me? What a foolish plan!
melissa: This looks like the pig's wallet. 
melissa: For a potential Devil King general, he sure doesn't have much.
chris: All I got was this... Hehehe...
daniel_troll: What?! That's my prized photo of Lia! 
daniel_troll: It was the only one I had left!
charlie_troll: L-Lord Daniel! This is no time to be worrying about a photo! Look what else they stole!
daniel_troll: What are you rambling about? They tried to steal the hammer, but I have it right here. Now, it's time to end this...
charlie_troll: Look at your hands, Lord Daniel!
daniel_troll: Roar, my mighty lightning!!
daniel_troll: Rrrrr
daniel_troll: aaaggghhh!!
kazuma: Sorry, Daniel! We didn't need the hammer after all. 
kazuma: All we needed were these!
daniel_troll: The Járngreipr?! I'll be shocked by my own attacks! 
daniel_troll: Give them back at once!
kazuma: Ha! As if I'd just give them back! 
kazuma: Megumin, Wiz, you're up!
megumin: At last, the moment I've been waiting for!
Megumin ＆ Wiz: Explosion!
ナレーション: The dual explosion magics released a tremendous burst of power, leaving behind an enormous crater...
miia: Wow, that was huge. Did we win?
melissa: It was enough to split the ground. If the explosion didn't get them, they were probably crushed by debris.
dust: Hahaha! This is what you get when you mess with me. You'd all better thank me for my help!
lean: What exactly did you do? 
lean: I doubt they even needed you.
kazuma: Looks like it's finally over.
cielo: Lia...
lia: ...
erica: Why do you always have to be so stubborn?!
lia: Ouch! What did you slap me for?!
erica: You slapped me when I made you worry, 
erica: so I owed you one.
cielo: When you told us you were leaving the group, we were both devastated.
cielo: Not to mention extremely worried about you going off to fight on your own!
lia: Cielo...
erica: Axel Hearts is a team of three. Whether it's dancing or questing, we don't do anything without you.
lia: Erika!
lia: But after causing both of you so much trouble, I don't deserve to keep dancing with you.
megumin: There's no reason to fret over things that have already happened.\n
megumin: In this, the explosive arts and dancers agree.
aqua: Megumin's right. I've said it before... Do you remember our teachings? 
aqua: The Order of Axis is the way of truth!
cecily: "If you are troubled, take time to enjoy life." 
cecily: The goddess of the Order of Axis accepts anyone and everyone.
aqua: That's right. If there's something you love, then do it! 
aqua: You want to continue dancing, right?
lia: Yes...
lia: Cielo... Erika... I'm sorry for making you worry. Would you let me dance with you again?
cielo: Of course! But you're not allowed to leave. Ever.
erica: Axel Hearts is reborn! Now, let's go win that contest and bring peace back to our town!
aqua: Hehe, I'm glad everything worked out!
kazuma: Oh yeah!
kazuma: This is perfect! At this rate, I'll get the reward for defeating Daniel and the contest prize money!
ナレーション: The contest finals were only a few days away. Axel Hearts was about to begin the last leg of their journey...
