A Final Battle for This Newbie Town! - P3
ナレーション: As producer of Axel Hearts, Kazuma arrived at the home of the dancers to ask Lia why she was leaving the group...
erica: Kazuma, thank goodness. Talk some sense into her, will you?
kazuma: Lia, what's going on? Have you really decided to leave the group?
lia: ...
cielo: Don't worry. Kazuma isn't angry, he's just worried about you.
lia: I'm sorry for not speaking with you first... 
lia: But I have to do this in order to defeat Daniel.
lia: I have to protect the world from those such as him, 
lia: those who would do it harm, but I can't do that as a dancer.
kazuma: So serious! 
kazuma: Ever since she remembered being reincarnated,\n
kazuma: she's been focused on the duty that we were given.
kazuma: But if Axel Hearts backs out of the contest, I can kiss that prize money goodbye!
kazuma: I know Daniel is a huge threat, but isn't that all the more reason 
kazuma: to continue dancing and making people happy?
lia: Kazuma...
kazuma: Look, the contest prize is 1 billion, twice the reward for Daniel. 
kazuma: That proves even the people care more about the contest!
darkness: Kazuma, the bounty for Daniel was raised to 1.5 billion Eris following the recent attack.
kazuma: Did you say 1.5 billion?!
lia: The numbers don't matter. Besides, Daniel is after me! 
lia: That makes this my responsibility!
kazuma: I see. Say no more, Lia. As producer, it pains me to see you go... 
kazuma: But I will respect your decision!
cielo: What?!
erica: Kazuma, you were supposed to convince her to stay!
kazuma: The contest prize is 1 billion, but if Lia and I take down Daniel, 
kazuma: that's 1.5 billion! 
kazuma: More than enough to cover my debt!
kazuma: You'll have my full support in dealing with Daniel! I'll gather some others to lend a hand as well!
mitsurugi: Kazuma Satou. This is unexpected. What do you need?
chris: This is Kazuma we're talking about, so he's probably up to something dirty again.
ynyn: A-are you sure I won't be a bother to anyone?
cecily: This is surely an omen from the Lady Goddess herself! As a show of faith, why don't you all sign these—
kazuma: Cecily, could you save the recruiting for later?
kazuma: Everybody, thanks for coming today. I have a favor to ask of you all.
dust: What? A favor? 
dust: My help ain't cheap, you know.
lean: Oh, knock it off. Maybe you should try paying back the debts you owe before acting all high and mighty.
kazuma: Join me in a crusade to take down a powerful enemy wielding an ancient weapon, and your names will go down in history!
arue: A crusade? That certainly has a nice ring to it. It would likely make for a great story as well.
wiz: You wouldn't happen to be referring to Daniel, would you? I heard he was able to restore Thor's Hammer.
chris: Wasn't that supposed to be something of a double-edged sword that causes lightning damage to the one that uses it?
megumin: Now that he has the Járngreipr gloves, he can wield the hammer without being hurt. 
megumin: To be honest, I'm super jealous.
mitsurugi: I was there, but despite my skills as a sword master, I was completely helpless. I'm terribly sorry, Lady Goddess.
aqua: Wait... You were there too?
darkness: Don't tell me you forgot. I feel so sorry for him...
mitsurugi: Lady Goddess!!
kazuma: Anyway, it's clear that Daniel and Thor's Hammer are dangerous.\n
kazuma: They represent a threat to the entire world!
kazuma: And that is why you are here! My fellow adventurers, we cannot afford to do nothing! Are you with me?
dust: Pass! Sounds like a real pain.
kazuma: Dust, a moment if you would. What happens when Axel is attacked and our beloved succubus shop is destroyed, hm?
dust: Ahh! Kazuma, let's do this! Together, we can take this guy down for good!
lean: That was fast! What did you say to Dust to make him come around?
kazuma: Cecily, how many new recruits do you think you'll get when the people hear the Order of Axis helped stop this threat?
cecily: Lady Goddess! This is quite a troublesome task, but I shall assist this man in his quest!
kazuma: Hey, Arue. I bet Megumin already told you how amazing this weapon is, but wouldn't you like to see it for yourself?
arue: Hm... I can't very well pass up such an opportunity. I will accompany you.
kazuma: Yunyun, um... Let's see...
ynyn: I-I'll join you! As Megumin's rival, I can't refuse!
megumin: Self-proclaimed rival, you mean.
ynyn: Oh, don't be mean!
melissa: We heard everything. Count me in.
Amy: Good afternoon, Kazuma.
miia: I'm not really sure what's going on, but we owe you.
kazuma: Melissa? And Mia and Amy, too? 
kazuma: I didn't know you were back in town.
melissa: We just arrived. Did you think you could handle this without my help?
kazuma: I welcome any help we can get, but I'm willing to bet 
kazuma: you're gonna charge me an arm and a leg, aren't you?
melissa: I don't make contracts I know I can't collect on. A payment of 100 million will suffice. 
melissa: Generous, no?
kazuma: A hundred million? 
kazuma: She must not know the bounty was raised to one and a half billion. This is my lucky day!
kazuma: We need all the help we can get... You have a deal. There'll be rewards for everyone!
kazuma: Daniel is attacking nearby towns as he makes his way here to Axel. This is where we make our stand!
All: Hooray!
lia: With everyone's help, 
lia: I'm sure we can stop Daniel!
kazuma: This is an even better turnout than I expected. 
kazuma: I think we've got a pretty good shot.
ナレーション: After gathering a large group of adventurers, Kazuma began to explain his plan for defeating Daniel...
