A Grand Finale for This Contest! - P1
喜怒哀楽_緊迫感: How could I lose, even with Thor's Hammer?
daniel: How could I lose, even with Thor's Hammer?
ナレーション: After suffering a direct hit from explosion magic during the battle, Daniel and Charlie retreated to their castle...
daniel: And now the Járngreipr have been stolen. This is sure to delay my reinstatement to the Devil King's army...
daniel: And my marriage to Lia! 
daniel: Wahahaha!!
charlie: Is the shock of not marrying Lia too much for him to handle?!\n
charlie: Lord Daniel, pull yourself together!
daniel: Don't worry, I am still in my right mind. This is indeed a setback, but that does not mean I have given up.
daniel: Love is only made stronger when it overcomes a challenge!
charlie: Oh, that's right. Daniel was never quite right in the head to begin with. He's certainly not evil, though.
daniel: I'm just not sure how to proceed now. The hammer is all but worthless without the gloves.
charlie: About that... Do you remember the user manual that came with the hammer?
daniel: Yes, vaguely.
charlie: It's possible we may find a solution to our problem inside.
daniel: Now that you mention it, we only read the introduction. Perhaps we should read the rest.
daniel: Once we do that, I'll use Thor's Hammer again... 
daniel: And finally take my vows with dear Lia!
ナレーション: Meanwhile, work was underway in Axel to repair the damage done by Daniel and Thor's Hammer...
kazuma: At this rate, we should be able to finish repairs by the end of the week.
darkness: Agreed. The extra workers sent from the capital have been a big help.
sena: The capital recognizes that this incident affects the entire country.
megumin: It's quite generous of them to cover the repairs caused by my explosion magic as well.
aqua: Well, we are the heroes who saved the world from Daniel!
kazuma: Ms. Sena, was there anything you wanted to say to me?
sena: Kazuma Satou, I apologize for doubting your sincerity.
kazuma: Don't worry about it! It was only a night in a freezing cell trying to down my cold, stale food through the tears!
kazuma: It's not like you doubted the word of the man who's defeated a pair of Devil King generals and the Destroyer or anything!
sena: I'm sorry. I don't know what to say in response to that. 
sena: I was simply trying to do my job.
kazuma: Your job is imprisoning the innocent?! If you've got time for that, maybe you should try finding a boyfriend instead!
sena: Yes. You're absolutely right.
kazuma: ...Oh.
sena: Is there something wrong with having a job so demanding that I've yet to make time for a boyfriend?
kazuma: Nope. Nothing wrong with that.
sena: I would appreciate it if you didn't get so full of yourself. I believe we have spoken about this before.
kazuma: My bad.
aqua: Hey, since this incident is big enough to affect the whole country,\n
aqua: is there a chance of a bonus on top of the reward?
sena: I'm not really the person to be asking, but you might be able to claim a reward for any spoils you found.
kazuma: Spoils? 
kazuma: Oh, we've got just the thing.
kazuma: Right, let's take these gloves to the capital.
aqua: This is great! Now we can claim the reward for taking care of Daniel, plus a bit on top!
darkness: Yeah, I didn't expect the capital to give us 300 million Eris for the Járngreipr.
megumin: Why are they paying so much for them? It's not like they're of any use without Thor's Hammer.
darkness: My guess would be for research purposes and safekeeping. That way, there's little chance of them being stolen again.
kazuma: With the reward for taking down Daniel, my debt will be a thing of the past!
aqua: Let's celebrate tonight with some expensive bubbly!
megumin: Hold on! I thought we were going to the capital today!
rain: Lord Kazuma, thank you for coming all this way.
kazuma: It was nothing. I needed to come to the capital for the dance contest finals anyway.
clair: Lady Iris is looking forward to the competition as well.
clair: And we have you to thank for it not being canceled in the first place. You have my gratitude. 
clair: Are those...
kazuma: Yep, we brought the Járngreipr. These gloves are necessary to use Thor's Hammer.
rain: Thank you very much. We shall keep them safe and see what we can learn from them.
aqua: If you're protecting them, we won't have to worry about Daniel stealing them back.
clair: We will send your compensation to Axel in a few days.
aqua: Hey, this kind of makes us saviors of the whole country, right? Any chance of a special reward?
darkness: Aqua, we're already getting a reward. How can you ask that with a straight face?
clair: I can't offer you money from the national treasury, but if there's something else I can do, please name it.
aqua: I know just the thing!
ナレーション: He didn't know it at the time, but Kazuma would soon regret Aqua's innocent request...
