A Grand Finale for This Contest! - P4
ナレーション: With the dance finals in full swing, Explosion Goddess Lalatina's unexpected performance ignited the crowd...
Patron A: Nice! Let's see another one!
erica_stage: What's going on? Aqua and the others are so cute... And better singers than I expected.
aqua: And that's why we're called... 
aqua: Explosion Goddess Lalatina! ♪
kazuma: I suppose this counts as dancing, but are they actually doing the Bon Festival dance?
lia_stage: Whoa! Cielo, Erika... Did you see what they just did there? 
lia_stage: Did you?
cielo_stage: Those are indeed some strange dance moves. The crowd seems to like it.
megumin: Nice moves Aqua, but I refuse to be outdone by you!\n
megumin: Nothing can match the grandeur of my signature fireworks!
Patron B: Yes! I've been waiting for this moment!
darkness: Megumin, don't! It's too dangerous to use your explosion magic in the middle of the capital!
kazuma: Even in a contest, they're just as crazy as always.
iris: You think so? I'm rather enjoying their performance.
kazuma: What about you— 
kazuma: Huh? Where'd Lia go?
ナレーション: While Aqua and the others continued their performance, Axel Hearts had moved backstage and were deep in discussion...
lia_stage: We should try and engage with the crowd before we begin.
cielo_stage: You mean like Aqua and the others just did?
lia_stage: Yeah, if we come up with a chant or something like they did, it should get the audience more hyped for our performance.
cielo_stage: You're probably right, but what did you have in mind?
erica_stage: "You're so cute, Erika! Our favorite cute little princess!"
cielo_stage: Did you come up with that just now?
erica_stage: Of course not. I've been saving it for just the right occasion.\n
erica_stage: And this has to be it!
cielo_stage: Lia, is that the sort of chant you had in mind for us?
lia_stage: Something like that. 
lia_stage: Maybe a phrase that's shorter and easier to remember, but still has plenty of punch.
lia_stage: That way we could even use it during breaks in the song. It would help tie everything together really well.
erica_stage: It sounds like Aqua's group just finished. Can we really come up with something like that in time?
lia_stage: Luckily we're up last. Let's see if we can think of something before the 
lia_stage: next two groups finish!
kazuma: Hey, what are you girls doing?
lia_stage: Kazuma?
cielo_stage: After seeing how Aqua and the others interacted with the audience, we got the urge to do the same.
kazuma: Trying to get the audience more involved, huh?\n
kazuma: Okay, why don't you try a few on me for practice?
kazuma: This'll be our final lesson before the contest. After this, there'll be nothing left for me to teach you!
Axel Hearts: We're counting on you, Producer!
kazuma: I had my doubts at first, but they've worked so hard to get here. I really do hope they can win.
ナレーション: As the dance competition heated up, Daniel and Charlie were plotting their next move...
charlie: It's finally time to put this manual's "Worst-Case Troubleshooting" section to the test.
daniel: "If you do not have the Járngreipr gloves, yet still wish to wield Thor's Hammer, there is one alternative."
daniel: "Using the hammer without the Járngreipr gloves will result in electrical feedback to the user."
daniel: "Those able to endure this long enough may become the god of thunder and gain the ability to fully wield Thor's Hammer."
daniel: "Warning: We take no responsibility for any deaths which may occur as a result of improper use."
charlie: L-Lord Daniel, are you honestly considering this?!
daniel: Of course I am. Now, bear witness to my resolve, Charlie!
daniel: Here I go! Thor's Hammer... Grant me your power!
daniel: Ooohhhhhhh
daniel: aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhh!!
charlie: L-Lord Daniel!
daniel: *Pant pant* Summoning lightning with the hammer and without the Járngreipr gloves is no simple task...
daniel: There's no telling how long it will take to get accustomed to the power. I only hope my body will last long enough.
charlie: You can do this, Lord Daniel! I will protect you!
daniel: Charlie...
charlie: Perhaps together we can do what your body can't handle on its own. I will help you even if it costs me my life.
daniel: I can feel your power within me, Charlie!
charlie: And I can feel you too, Lord Daniel!
charlie: You may have many faults, but I would still follow you to the end of the world!
daniel: Charlie, thank you for sticking with me all this time!
daniel: Thor's Hammer! Show us your thunder!
Daniel ＆ Charlie: Gyaaaaaauuugh!
