A Grand Finale for This Contest! - P3
ナレーション: The day of the dance competition had finally arrived, and the entire city was buzzing with excitement...
iris: Good morning, Kazuma. Ah, you brought Lalatina and the others as well! It's nice to see you all again.
darkness: Lady Iris, it is an honor to accept your invitation.
aqua: Has the cleanup in Axel finished?
megumin: Did they find Daniel and Charlie?
clair: There were no signs of either of them.
rain: It seems Thor's Hammer is also unaccounted for.
kazuma: No way!
darkness: That means there's a strong possibility they escaped the blast and are in hiding. 
darkness: What should we do, Kazuma?
kazuma: For now, we need to focus on the contest.
megumin: Is it really okay to ignore this?
kazuma: We're not ignoring it. There's simply nothing we can do until we know where they are... 
kazuma: Or if they're even alive.
aqua: I agree. Besides, it's not like he can use Thor's Hammer when the\nJárngreipr gloves are here.
clair: That's a fair point. There's no reason to start a panic in the city. We should focus on improving security instead.
rain: We can also ask any high-level adventurers in the capital to lend us their support.
kazuma: If Daniel managed to escape, that means there's a good chance there won't be any reward money.
kazuma: And if that's the case, then winning the 1 billion Eris from the contest is that much more important!
aqua: Claire, this doesn't change what we discussed, does it?
clair: O-okay...
kazuma: Huh?
Commentator: The dance competition finals begin now! Can't you just feel the excitement in the air?!
Commentator: We will be choosing the winner from the four groups performing today. Everyone, are you ready?!
lia_stage: I'm starting to get nervous...
erica_stage: D-d-don't worry, Lia. We got this. It's just butterflies. 
erica_stage: Just focus on how cute we are...
cielo_stage: You look even more nervous than she does. Just take a deep breath, Erika.
kazuma: You three all right? Axel Hearts is performing last, 
kazuma: so you'll have to handle the anticipation a little longer.
iris: I'm only here to watch, but even I'm getting nervous. 
iris: Kazuma, would you like some tea to calm your nerves?
kazuma: A nice cup of tea as we relax and watch the show... 
kazuma: Ahh, this is the life. Thanks for reserving these seats, by the way.
iris: You should thank Claire. When I mentioned I wanted to watch the competition with you, she insisted on reserving these.
Commentator: Now, for our first performance! Please welcome to the stage...
？？？: That's our cue!
Aqua, Megumin ＆ Darkness: We are Explosion Goddess Lalatina!
lia_stage: Whaaat?! Wh-why are Aqua and them on stage?!
kazuma: She asked for permission to replace the group that withdrew as her special reward for defeating Daniel.
lia_stage: Why would she do that...?
megumin: Mwahahaha! The preliminaries may not have gone so hot, 
megumin: but like the mighty phoenix, we rise again!
darkness: Don't call me Lalatina!
lia_stage: You couldn't stop them?
kazuma: Well, I didn't really have a reason to.
Commentator: Is it luck? Tenacity? Either way, Explosion Goddess Lalatina is back after a late withdrawal! Let's see what they've got!
aqua: Let's do it! The last dance contest didn't go all that well, but nobody outshines me at a party!
aqua: All right, here we go! 
aqua: Nature's Beauty!
Patron A: Ah, what luck! I never thought I'd get the chance to see their amazing performance from the preliminaries again!
Patron B: What's this...? I can't seem to stop crying...
kazuma: What the heck?! They actually have fans in the crowd!
cielo_stage: Aqua and the others have such passion. We have to put on a good show, too!
erica_stage: Um, Cielo... I don't think they're the ones we're supposed to be inspired by.
lia_stage: I feel like they have something we're lacking.
kazuma: Stop thinking about this so much! 
kazuma: Whatever they have definitely isn't something you want.
Patron C: Oooooohhh!! Lalatinaaaaaa!! I love yooouuu!!
darkness: I'm begging you! Please don't call me Lalatina!
lia_stage: The way they interact with the crowd... We could definitely learn something from that.
kazuma: Hm? They seem somewhat more relaxed than a minute ago.
ナレーション: It may not have been their intention, but Explosion Goddess Lalatina's performance helped calm Axel Hearts...
