A Grand Finale for This Contest! - P6
ナレーション: Even with everyone working together, Daniel's power proved too great...
kazuma: Dammit! Isn't there anything we can do?!
daniel_final: Arrrggghhhhhh!!　　　　　　　
daniel_final: 　
aqua: There's a huge amount of magic concentrating inside Daniel!\n
aqua: I don't like the looks of this!
darkness: Is he getting ready to use Thor's Hammer?
megumin: I'll blow him away before he gets the chance!
kazuma: Wait, Megumin! If you do that, you'll catch the audience in the blast!
daniel_final: Mwahahahaha... It's ironic, isn't it? All these people who came to support Lia are essentially my hostages!
lia_stage: I won't let you harm a single one of them!
daniel_final: It matters not how powerful your magic keyboard is! You cannot stop Thor's Hammer! Now come, let us be married!
kazuma: The magical keyboard...
cielo: No matter what difficulties we face, we do it together.\n
cielo: We'll always be by your side, Lia!
erica: Nothing's impossible as long as we work together!
lia: I can feel the keyboard's magic growing.
cielo: Lia, sing with us!
erica: Axel Hearts isn't complete without all three of its members!
kazuma: That's it. 
kazuma: Lia, you need to sing! Get the audience to join you!
lia_stage: The audience?
kazuma: Everyone out in the stands! Sing as loudly as you can!
Patron A: What is he talking about?
cielo_stage: Kazuma, why in the world are you telling us to sing at a time like this?
kazuma: Just trust me! 
kazuma: My cute little Erika can do it, right?!
erica_stage: Cute...? Of course I can, Kazuma! 
erica_stage: I'll show you the fruits of our endless practice! 
erica_stage: Come on, everybody!
Patron B: Ohh! Erikaaa!!
kazuma: Last time the keyboard's power increased with just three of them. If everyone in the stadium sings together...
kazuma: This contest isn't over yet! Show 'em what you can do!
Axel Hearts: Sing with us, everyone!
Audience: Go, Axel!!
ナレーション: As Axel Hearts began their performance, the audience joined in the song...
daniel_final: What is this power?!
lia_stage: The magical keyboard is giving off 
lia_stage: more power than ever!
kazuma: I knew it! We can do this!
daniel_final: How dare you pathetic humans interfere with my wedding plans again!
charlie: (Wedding plans? What about rejoining the Devil King's army?)
daniel_final: Was that Charlie's voice just now? No, I must be imagining things. Everyone but Lia should just die!!
lia_stage: Please protect everyone, magical keyboard!
Patron A: Is that a barrier? We're saved. Lia... Axel Hearts is protecting us!
Patron B: Do it! You can beat him, Axel Hearts!
Axel Hearts: Haaaaaah!
Patron C: Whoa! The magical keyboard repelled the lightning from Thor's Hammer!
daniel_final: Wh-what...? There's no way! How can Thor's Hammer possibly lose to these girls?!
kazuma: Quick, we need to act while Lia has him distracted! Mitsurugi, Iris, Megumin, do your thing!
mitsurugi: Haaagh!
iris_stealth: Sacred Explosion!
megumin: Strike forth... Explosion!!
daniel_final: If I'm going to die here, then... I'm taking Lia with me!
lia_stage: Aaagh!
kazuma: Lia!
lia_stage: The lightning only struck the magical keyboard. 
lia_stage: More importantly...
daniel_final: I can't believe this is the end...
daniel_final: Aaaaaauggghhh!!
ナレーション: Thor's Hammer shattered, sending a blinding pillar of lightning high into the sky...
iris_stealth: We did it!
megumin: Yes, I was able to send him off with my most powerful blast yet.\n
megumin: Now... Would, um, somebody mind carrying me home?
kazuma: Nicely done! I was actually worried there for a minute. Thanks for stepping up.
mitsurugi: Lady Goddess! I, Kyouya Mitsurugi, am honored to have been of service.\n
mitsurugi: Are you unhurt?
aqua: Yes, I'm fine. 
aqua: Now that we've finally finished off Daniel for good, let's get the celebration party start—
kazuma: Hold your horses. We're not finished here yet.
lia_stage: Kazuma?
kazuma: Lia, Cielo, Erika... What was it you came here to the capital for, again?
ナレーション: The people out in the audience were terrified through this ordeal...
kazuma: I'd say this calls for the mysterious powers of a few dancers, don't you think?
Axel Hearts: You're right, Producer!
lia_stage: We apologize for the rather unexpected disturbance!\n
lia_stage: Allow us to introduce ourselves again! We're Axel Hearts!
cielo_stage: Now that everything's been taken care of, turn those anxious frowns of yours upside down!
erica_stage: We'll be sure to cheer you up with a brand new song!
Axel Hearts: So sit back and enjoy "Dear Tomorrow"!
ナレーション: After winning a climactic battle, Axel Hearts went on to claim victory in the competition as well.
ナレーション: We managed to collect the 1 billion Eris prize money, but...
lia: Hey Kazuma, could we speak with you a moment?
lia: Many towns were damaged by Thor's Hammer.\n
lia: We'd like to use what's left after paying your debts to help rebuild.
kazuma: You want to donate it? Sure thing.
erica: That was unexpected. 
erica: Knowing you, I expected a lot more grumbling 
erica: about wanting to keep some for yourself.
kazuma: I'm not so petty that I'd complain in situations like this.\n
kazuma: I can be generous when I want, I'll have you know!
cielo: We know you can. Thank you.
kazuma: Add the reward for defeating Daniel, the payment we got for\nJárngreipr, and the prize money from the contest...
kazuma: Now subtract my debts...
melissa: Looks like the amount we agreed upon is all here.\n
melissa: I didn't think you had it in you. 
melissa: A pleasure doing business.
ナレーション: Melissa took her cut without so much as a hint of guilt. I donated the remaining Eris to the rebuilding efforts.
kazuma: *Sigh* Zero profit yet again.
aqua: Don't look so down. At least you're debt-free now.
megumin: It was your fault the debts started piling up in the first place, you know.
kazuma: Actually, this all started with you blowing up that cart. Don't try to blame this on me.
darkness: No arguing. We're supposed to be celebrating today.
kazuma: You're right. Axel Hearts sure did a great job, especially dealing with Daniel.
kazuma: Drinks are on me today, so enjoy yourselves! Cheers!
Everyone: Cheers!
dust: A man after my own heart! Truly generous!
wiz: Thank you for the kind offer.
aqua: And here's a little something extra to celebrate our victory.\n
aqua: Nature's Beauty! 
luna: Um, Kazuma... About your bill...
kazuma: Add it to my tab.
lia: ...
kazuma: What's wrong, Lia? Are you in pain? I thought Aqua healed everyone after the battle.
lia: It's not that. It's about my magical keyboard. 
lia: Since the battle, I can't seem to get it to put up a barrier.
kazuma: Could it be because of that final attack Daniel made?
erica: You can still use it to play music though, can't you? Isn't that enough?
cielo: Maybe fate is telling you to keep dancing.\n
cielo: Let's keep working hard together!
lia: You're right. Let's keep aiming for ever greater heights!\n
lia: The three of us, working together!
kazuma: Hey, don't forget about me! I'm still your producer.\n
kazuma: I expect you to keep profits high in the future.
megumin: Kazuma really is always thinking about money, isn't he?
darkness: I wouldn't say that. He deserves some credit for defeating\n
darkness: Daniel and leading Axel Hearts to victory in the competition.
kazuma: Now that Daniel has been dealt with, it's time to celebrate!\n
kazuma: Drink up, everyone!
aqua: Waitress! Another round of bubbly over here, please!
tough_guy: I see that a new era is quickly approaching.
ナレーション: Meanwhile, somewhere out in the wilderness...
daniel: Hm? I thought I died...
daniel: Wh-who are you...?
ナレーション: A mysterious hooded figure approached Daniel, a grin slowly breaking across their face...
