A Grand Finale for This Contest! - P2
ナレーション: After returning to the capital, Kazuma paid a visit to Axel Hearts as they prepared for the finals...
kazuma: All right, the finals are upon us! Let's run through the performance one more time.
Axel Hearts: Right away, Producer!
kazuma: Including Axel Hearts, there are supposed to be four groups competing in the finals.
kazuma: However, one of the groups has backed out of the contest, 
kazuma: so they're being replaced with a different one.
lia: It's odd for a group to back out now. What happened?
erica: I hope it's not because of those ugly trolls. That would be terrible.
cielo: We would be partially to blame, as well.
kazuma: Don't worry, it's got nothing to do with Daniel. Apparently the group had a falling out.
kazuma: The article in the paper this morning said they disbanded after an argument over some lunch.
erica: How did they make it this far if they could break up over something so small?!
cielo: Lunch has nothing to do with your skill as a dancer.
kazuma: The article just proves how focused the people are on the contest. 
kazuma: Even the princess is looking forward to it.
lia: Lady Iris? That's amazing! If the princess is coming, then 
lia: we'll have to make sure to give it our absolute best!
kazuma: Like I said before, we'll need to introduce a new song! 
kazuma: It's time to show everybody what you can do!
ナレーション: After Kazuma left, Axel Hearts met to discuss how best to introduce their new song...
lia: Hey, can I make a suggestion about the lyrics for our new song?
cielo: What's wrong with the lyrics?
lia: I was thinking it might be best to change this last part. Something seems off to me.
erica: Fine with me. You were the one who wrote it, so if you think a change will make it better, I'm all for it.
cielo: I have no objections either. What made you want to change them now, though?
lia: I've been so unsure about whether I should continue dancing lately that my indecision bled into my lyrics.
lia: Now that I've made up my mind to keep going, I don't want to leave any trace of hesitation behind!
lia: My lyrics should reflect how grateful I am for the support you've both given me.
cielo: Lia... 
cielo: That sounds wonderful! And remember, we'll always be here to help if you need it!
erica: Just make sure the lyrics are as cute as possible!
lia: We've got one week until the finals! Let's give it our all!
kazuma: Good. Axel Hearts is fired up and ready to go. They might just pull this off.
kazuma: With the payment for Járngreipr, the reward for taking down Daniel, and the contest winnings... 
kazuma: I'm gonna be rich!
kazuma: Ahh, I can finally go back to the succubus shop. It's been so long since I've been able to go. 
kazuma: I can't wait!
？？？: What can't you wait for?
kazuma: To go to the Succu— 
kazuma: Whoaaah!!
kazuma: Wh-where did you come from?! Don't sneak up on me like that Iri—
iris_stealth: Shhh! Keep your voice down. Right now I'm just Irene,\n
iris_stealth: granddaughter of the corner silk trader.
ナレーション: Iris gave a sly smile as she spun around in her old, beat-up robe.
kazuma: Is that supposed to be a disguise? I take it you snuck out of the castle again?
kazuma: What am I going to do with you? Just make sure you come to the contest as yourself. Axel Hearts'll be glad to see you.
iris_stealth: Right, Kazuma!
kazuma: I won't let any trolls get in the way this time! 
kazuma: Speaking of trolls, what happened to Daniel after we beat him?
iris_stealth: They still haven't found any traces of him or his buddy. 
iris_stealth: The rubble is going to take another week to clean up.
iris_stealth: We should hear something once they're done, so could you come back to the castle then?
kazuma: That's the same day as the contest. It sure would be great\n
kazuma: to hear some good news right before the finals.
iris_stealth: Yes, I agree. 
iris_stealth: Many towns were struck by Thor's Hammer, so there's still a mountain of work for me to finish first.
iris_stealth: I would much rather hear about your adventurers and play games,\n
iris_stealth: but I suppose we will both have to be patient.
ナレーション: Meanwhile, at Daniel's castle...
daniel: As I thought, there is nothing in the instruction manual about how to use the hammer without Járngreipr.
charlie: Wait, Lord Daniel! Look here... 
charlie: The last page!
daniel: Let's see... It looks like the last section is titled, "Worst-Case Troubleshooting".
daniel: "Q: What do I do in the event I am unable to find, or have misplaced, the Járngreipr gloves?"
daniel: "A: That is quite unfortunate. You have our deepest condolences. Keep your chin up!"
charlie: That's...not very helpful, is it?
daniel: "If you do not have the Járngreipr gloves, yet still wish to wield Thor's Hammer, there is one alternative."
charlie: Great! There must be some trick to it!
daniel: With this, we'll be able to launch our counterattack.
daniel: In one week's time, the finals for the dance competition will be\n
daniel: held in the capital. They'll be the perfect distraction.
daniel: The loss of the Járngreipr gloves was tremendous.
daniel: But that means they won't be expecting an attack. Their guard will be down.
charlie: It's the perfect time for us to strike! I'm proud that this isn't just an excuse for you to go watch the finals!
daniel: No... 
daniel: I mean yes... 
daniel: Or no? Um...
charlie: Lord Daniel? Which is it?!
daniel: Hehehe, the moment Axel Hearts finish their performance, 
daniel: the entire capital will be finished!
charlie: I knew his main goal was just to see the performance...
