Gratitude for This Wonderful Person! - P2
wiz: You're looking for a present for Kazuma?\n
wiz: That's a wonderful idea.
lia: We can't decide what to get him.
erica: My cute smile is probably enough, but...
banil: A man like that wouldn't be happy with just a simple smile.\n
banil: That's plain to see, even without my powers of perception.
cielo: He's always taking care of us, so we wanted to do something\n
cielo: special to show our appreciation.
wiz: Something special... 
wiz: That's it! I have just the thing!
wiz: How about this cotton candy? It pops and crackles in your mouth. It's quite unusual.
lia: Candy? Well, it isn't too fancy, so it might work...
wiz: It's super delicious, too. Although the popping sometimes 
wiz: leads to an explosion, so caution is needed...
cielo: O-on second thought, maybe we'll get him something else.
wiz: I see. That's too bad.
lia: Vanir, you've known Kazuma for quite a long time now. Can you think of a good present for him?
banil: I can, actually, but it's better if I don't share it with you.\n
banil: I look forward to the delectable feelings as a result.
erica: *Sigh* That's no help. Let's go ask someone else.
Wiz ＆ Vanir: Please come again!
mitsurugi: I don't think you owe that Kazuma Satou anything special. I'm sure he's happy just to be with the goddess.
lia: We want to express how we feel.
cielo: That's why we want to give him a present he'll remember.
mitsurugi: He's a lucky guy. All right then...\n
mitsurugi: How about a nice set of equipment?
erica: That's not a bad idea. Something really adventurery!
mitsurugi: Kazuma Satou's equipment is frankly pathetic. I'm sure he'd be very pleased with an upgrade.
chris: You almost sound happy about that, but it's true.\n
chris: Kazuma's gear makes him look like a newbie.
mitsurugi: Would you like me to pick something out for you? Naturally, his sad little job class can't equip much.
mitsurugi: If I were you, I'd rather form a party with a brilliant sword master like—
ナレーション: Mitsurugi placed a hand on Cielo's shoulder...
cielo: Eeeeeeeeek!
mitsurugi: Oof! A simple "no" would've sufficed!
lia: S-sorry. Cielo isn't comfortable around men, so...
erica: Thank you for the advice. We'll keep asking around.
luna: You want to thank Kazuma Satou?
dust: You don't need to do that. He's caused enough trouble for you already, hasn't he? 
dust: I'd call it even at best.
lean: You could definitely learn a thing or two from them...\n
lean: They want to express gratitude, and that's a good thing.
lia: We wanted a guy's advice. What would you like to receive?
dust: Me? That's easy. 
dust: A coupon for use at a certain shop, or—
lia: Ooh, what shop?
dust: A-ahh! Sorry, just forget you heard that.
dust: I've got it. He steals underwear all the time, so he'd 
dust: probably be happy if you gave him some.
cielo: U-underwear?!
dust: The underwear of contest-winning dancers would be pretty valuable. He could sell them, or maybe slip 'em on—
lean: You really are scum!
dust: Ugh! Don't slug me like that!
lean: He's not stealing them, it just happens when he uses Steal. It's not like he's doing it on purpose.
lia: ...
lia: What do you think would be a good present, Rin?
lean: Hmm... Knowing Kazuma, just buying him a round of bubbly or something would make him happy, I think.
dust: Huh? Just Kazuma? Buy drinks for me, too!
lean: Were you even listening? They want to thank Kazuma. It has nothing to do with you.
lia: Bubbly, huh? 
lia: I'd like it to be something he can keep.
lean: Sorry, I'm not much help. Maybe someone else has an idea.
erica: Let's go ask someone else, then.\n
erica: Thanks for your input, Rin.
