Gratitude for This Wonderful Person! - P4
ナレーション: The next day, Axel Hearts paid a visit to the Crimson Demon Village.
arue: A gift for Kazuma? Hmm...\n
arue: You came all this way just to ask me that?
lia: Be nice, please. It's very important to us.
arue: I can see you're serious. Very well, then.
ynyn: You really care for him... I'm kinda jealous.\n
ynyn: Do you have any good ideas, Arue?
arue: Hmm... I'll teach you our clan's secret method of thanking people.\n
arue: The training is harsh. Do you think you can keep up?
cielo: We'll do whatever it takes! Please, tell us!
erica: Cielo, you're awfully enthusiastic.
erica: Mwahahaha! You did well to make it this far. I am impressed!
cielo: I'll give you half the world as a reward. Hear the cry of the lands themselves! Today is the dawn of a new age!
lia: Shudder with delight, for this is our gratitude toward you!
lia: Is this...really some kind of celebration?
arue: Yeah, that wasn't half bad. It's mysterious and powerful, and so very, very cool.
lia: Um, I'm not sure we're looking for cool...
erica: Everyone knows that cute is way better than cool, anyway.\n
erica: And how could we even give him half of the world?
cielo: Yes! Thank you, Master!
ynyn: At least Cielo is into it.
lia: Come on, Cielo. This isn't Kazuma's style.
cielo: Ah, you're right. The word "training" threw me off my game.
ynyn: Um, this is for Kazuma, so wouldn't something a bit more normal be better?
lia: Yes, I think you're probably right. 
lia: Do you have any ideas to help us?
ynyn: Yeah. You know the sword Kazuma carries, right?
cielo: Um, I think it's Chunchunmaru or something like that...
erica: Megumin named it, didn't she? She's got strange tastes.
ynyn: You see, there's a magical tree nearby. If you spread its sap on a weapon, you can erase its inscription, so...
lia: Ah, so he could rename his sword. That's fantastic!
cielo: A new name... We can leave it up to Kazuma if he wants to use it or not, but at least he'd have the option.
erica: Kazuma will probably get all 
erica: emotional 
erica: and say, "I'll call it the Beloved Cutie Erika Sword" or something!
lia: I'm not sure about that, but he'll probably be happy. Yunyun, can you show us where this tree is?
ナレーション: Axel Hearts finally decided on a present for Kazuma. Meanwhile, in the town of Axel...
aqua: Waaaaaahhh!! 
aqua: Why does this always happen to me?!
kazuma: Stop crying, Aqua! You're not the only one who's had it bad!
megumin: I knew there would be giant earthworms, but nobody said there'd be so many. 
megumin: Ugh, it was so stinky inside them.
darkness: I got completely covered in goo...\n
darkness: What a wonderful quest!
cecily: Oh, it's Lady Aqua and her party. What are you doing here together? 
cecily: Do you all enjoy being slimed?
aqua: *Sob sob* I was swallowed by a giant earthworm. I need a bath sooo baaad.
kazuma: Yep. If you don't need anything, talk to us later!
cecily: I just bumped into you, so there's no need to be so rude.\n
cecily: Maybe that's the reason Axel Hearts stopped liking you.
kazuma: Stopped liking me? 
kazuma: What do you mean by that?!
cecily: I happened to overhear Axel Hearts talking about you the other day.
cecily: "We can't be halfhearted." "We have to draw the line."\n
cecily: Stuff like that.
megumin: What did they mean?
cecily: Oh, and "Let's make Kazuma cry." That too.
darkness: Make him cry? Is that true?
cecily: Yeah, I picked up every word perfectly.
kazuma: Whoa, this is bad! If they don't like me... Why now?!
aqua: Where to start? You ruined their carriage, and there's also\n
aqua: all the stuff with Daniel. I'm surprised it took this long.
megumin: It looks like your career as their producer is over. Well, I was sure this day would come eventually.
darkness: They're leaving the nest. Be happy for them, and see them off with a smile.
kazuma: Yeah right. How can I be happy about something like this?
kazuma: They're just about to make it big, and now they're letting me go? The timing couldn't be worse! Argh!
megumin: Kazuma, you're just worried about the money, aren't you?
kazuma: N-no, that's not it. Honest!
ナレーション: Overwhelmed by the news, Kazuma stood dumbfounded...
