Gratitude for This Wonderful Person! - P3
melissa: What are you thinking? Giving a present to trash like that?
ナレーション: Lia and the others asked Melissa, Mia, and Amy what they thought would make a good present for Kazuma...
lia: Um, it's not for trash, it's for Kazuma.
cielo: Axel Hearts was able to win the contest because of him, 
cielo: so we want to show our appreciation.
erica: We've thought a lot about what would make him happy, but haven't come up with anything good.
miia: How about some meat? That's my favorite thing in the world.
Amy: Oh, that's a lovely idea. Everyone is happy when they eat something tasty.
lia: That is one option... Or maybe something we make ourselves?
cielo: Kazuma is much better at cooking than we are. I mean, he even has the cooking skill.
erica: Do you have any other ideas?
Amy: Hmm, something for Kazuma... 
Amy: How about letting him rest his head on your lap?
miia: Yeah! Kazuma loves putting his head in Amy's lap!
miia: I don't know why, but he gets the funniest look in his eye!\n
miia: It makes me laugh every time!
cielo: I-in my lap?! That's never going to happen!
lia: Right. It'd be especially dangerous with Cielo.
melissa: Serving as a headrest? Cooking for him? Aren't you putting a little too much thought into this?
melissa: Listen up. That man is trash, and he only wants one thing.\n
melissa: Just toss some money at him and he'll light right up.
cielo: M-money?
lia: Now that you mention it, Kazuma left on a quest to earn some money earlier today.
erica: The answer was staring us in the face all this time.\n
erica: Thanks, Melissa. You've been a big help.
melissa: If there's ever anything you need to know, then just ask me.\n
melissa: However, remember that valuable information has a price.
erica: So you're saying that information on Kazuma is worthless.
melissa: *Yawn* 
melissa: Hey there, my cute, fluffy girl... I'm tired from all that talk.
miia: Why?! 
miia: What are you doing? That smile is creepy! Get away from me!
melissa: Oh, don't be like that! I just want to pet you a little bit!
miia: Gwah! Don't touch my ears!
melissa: Ooh, you're so adorable when you're upset!\n
melissa: C'mon, Mia! Let me pet you some more!
miia: Nooo! Knock! It! Off!
Amy: Um, Melissa? Mia isn't enjoying that, so if you could stop...
miia: Stop it! Stop it! Cut it out!
Amy: Ahh! 
Amy: I know it's not right, but Mia is cute even 
Amy: when she's angry!
miia: Sto-op! Stay away from me forever!
Amy: Oh! Mia, wait up.
melissa: Fluffy!
erica: There they go.
lia: Poor Mia, having to deal with a fan like Melissa...
cielo: I'm glad all our fans are so kind.
erica: Yeah, but we still don't know what to get for Kazuma. Giving him money seems pretty cold.
lia: You're right. What would be the gift that would make him happiest?
erica: Kazuma is lucky to have so many people who care about him.\n
erica: We'll find something to make him happy, no matter what!
cecily: Hm? Are those the dancers everyone's been talking about?
cecily: Wow, this is a huge opportunity! If they join the Order of Axis, they can spread the good word like wildfire!
cecily: Greetings, members of Axel Hearts—
cielo: You're right. We shouldn't forget that. At times like this, we have to be open and honest.
lia: Right... We can't be halfhearted. This is it. We have to draw the line!
erica: Kazuma might even end up crying once we do it.
cecily: They're awfully serious about something.
cecily: Open and honest? No ambiguity? He might even cry? C-could they mean...
