Gratitude for This Wonderful Person! - P1
ナレーション: Several days had passed since Daniel and his hammer were defeated, and Axel Hearts won the competition...
Theater Manager: I manage a small theater in the capital. Is there any possibility of having you perform?
lia: We appreciate the invitation, but our schedule is rather full at the moment. Perhaps at a later date...
Casino Manager: I represent a casino in Elroad. Might you be interested in an exclusive contract? We'll make it worth your while!
cielo: Thank you for the offer, but we aren't considering any exclusive contracts at the moment...
Axis Follower: The main Order of Axis church in Arcanretia would love for you to join! We'll feature you on our billboards and fliers!
erica: Really? Me, on billboards and fliers? I bet it's because I'm so gosh darn cute, right?!
lia: Apologies everyone, but I'm afraid we must be going now!\n
lia: We will consider all of your offers and get back to you!
erica: My cuteness is becoming such a burden!
cielo: We're getting more offers every day. It has to be because we won the contest, right?
lia: Most likely. Unfortunately, that means we have to turn down more and more people. 
lia: I'm grateful, but it's hard to say no.
erica: This means we're the number one group in Belzerg, right?\n
erica: We're one step closer to being the best in the world.
erica: If this keeps up, I might even see Mom and Dad someday.
cielo: And my fear of men may one day be cured!\n
cielo: It's not easy, but that just makes it all the more worth doing.
lia: I agree. All we can do is continue working hard so everyone can hear our songs!
kazuma: Hey, it's been a while. You look like you're in a good mood.
erica: Kazuma! Hey, guys!
megumin: You've been so busy since your victory that we haven't seen you much. 
megumin: It's a bit sad, but I'm very happy for you.
cielo: Thank you so much. Where are you all headed today?
darkness: We're going on a quest. Our debts may be paid off, but we still need to make a living.
kazuma: It's time to find a new project that'll make me easy money!\n
kazuma: Maybe I should see if Vanir has any ideas...
aqua: You want to work with that demon? You're just going to fail again and 
aqua: rack up even more debt than when you started.
kazuma: Shut up, or you're going to jinx it!
darkness: I'm glad to be going on more quests again.\n
darkness: I'd even be fine taking on some that are a little tougher.
megumin: Your beloved Chunchunmaru is seeing more action, too. Makes me happy, seeing as I'm the one that came up with the name.
kazuma: It always sounds worse when you say it out loud.\n
kazuma: I wish I could change it.
lia: Chunchunmaru? 
lia: That's an...interesting name...
kazuma: If you're gonna laugh, just do it. I've gotten used to it.
darkness: Well, we should be going. I know you're busy, but make sure you're not overworking yourselves.
megumin: The time has come for another explosive adventure!
kazuma: Yeah, yeah...
erica: Oh...they left. 
erica: They didn't even tell me how cute I look today.
cielo: Is that what you're worried about?\n
cielo: I'm just glad to see them all back to normal.
lia: ...
cielo: Lia? What's the matter?
lia: Oh, it's nothing.
erica: You noticed too? I can't believe Kazuma didn't call me\n
erica: cute even once today.
lia: No, it's not that...
lia: The reason we won the contest, and the reason we've come this far, is Kazuma's hard work.
cielo: We've been through quite a lot, but he's good at heart. Despite the trouble he's caused, we really owe him a lot.
erica: Yeah... He's the reason we can even perform at all.
lia: We should find a way to show him our gratitude.
cielo: The timing seems just right, too. What should we do for him?
Axel Hearts: Hmm...
