Gratitude for This Wonderful Person! - P5
ナレーション: A conversation with Cecily caused Kazuma to believe that his days as the producer of Axel Hearts were over...
kazuma: Urgh... What did I do wrong? What a mess.
aqua: Kazuma, you're overreacting.
kazuma: Gah! And after I worked so hard for Axel Hearts this whole time, too...
darkness: That's right. You did a lot for them. Like how you tried to 
darkness: hide that you blew up their luggage, for one.
kazuma: That was Megumin's magic!
megumin: And you take money from them as your "producer's fee."
kazuma: Of course it sounds bad when you say it like that!\n
kazuma: My advice has helped them a lot. 
kazuma: No, it really has!
aqua: They hit it big as dancers, and you paid off your debt. It was a win-win situation. Just let them go.
kazuma: It's not just about that!
darkness: Yeah, I'm not so sure.
darkness: Axel Hearts will keep bringing in money. You don't want to let them go at a time like this. 
darkness: That's it, right?
kazuma: Th-that's not...
kazuma: it at all?!
Aqua, Megumin, Darkness: Liar.
kazuma: Hey! I have feelings too, you know!
erica: A tree with sap that lets you change a weapon's name? If that's the case, he should've done it sooner.
ynyn: There aren't many of them, and the sap you can collect from a single tree can only change one weapon's name.
lia: This tree sounds very rare. Is there one near here, Yunyun?
ynyn: Yes, I saw one just past those bushes over there.
lia: I'm surprised you can remember that. I get lost in woods like these the moment I set foot in them.
ynyn: Well, it's pretty close to the village, so I used to come out here to play hide-and-seek by myself.
erica: Solo hide-and-seek... Is that any fun?
ynyn: Y-yeah, it's plenty of fun! 
ynyn: More importantly...
ynyn: Look, that tree over there. It's glowing a bit, right?
cielo: Y-you're right. I sense a strong magical aura from it.
erica: That power must be what erases the weapon's name.
lia: Let's get to work. Cielo, hand me the bottle.
？？？: Grrraaarrr...
lia: Hm? I didn't know your voice was that deep, Cielo.
cielo: Lia, that wasn't me...
Troll: A-are you...Axel Hearts?!
erica: I-it's a troll! Eeeeeek! Gross!
Troll: Capture...Axel Hearts...and bring...to Lord Daniel!
lia: That troll just mentioned Daniel. 
lia: Is this one of his old minions?!
ynyn: I thought we finished off Daniel for good!
erica: That fact isn't likely to get through a troll's thick skull. All they know is how to follow orders.
Troll: Grrraaaaaagh!
erica: If you think you stand a chance against someone as cute as me, you'd better think again!
cielo: Noooooo! Get awaaaaaay!!
lia: We mustn't let down our guard. Yunyun, give us a hand!
ynyn: S-sure thing!
