A Bailout for These Beastmen! - P6
darkness_winter: O-Over here! Catch me if you can!
squall: Grrrrrrgh! 
squall: I can and I will!
kazuma_winter: Good job luring him out here...now there's no risk of a cave-in. Now for the next step!
megumin_winter: Just say the word, Kazuma!
squall: Fools! You'll pay for this offense with your lives!
kazuma_winter: Now, Megumin! But remember—don't hit him directly! We need to bring him to his senses, not kill him!
megumin_winter: You got it! 
megumin_winter: By the power of enchanted flame, I hereby scorch you! 
megumin_winter: Explosion!!
squall: Aaargh!
megumin_winter: Just missed him...as ordered... Man, am I exhausted.
ナレーション: A whirlwind of steam and smoke enveloped Squall, who stood in shock, hands shielding his face...
squall: Urrrgh...
squall: Huh? Where am I?
Amy: Squall, thank goodness. You're awake at last!
squall: Amy? 
squall: Has it been that long, my dear? Why, you're all grown up.
aqua_winter: Wow. He's turned into quite the gentleman.
miia: Sorry, Squall. This all happened 'cause I was jumpin' on your belly while you were sleepin'.
squall: Mia? Do my eyes deceive me? How you've grown too!
squall: ...Odd. I expressly recall falling asleep in my cave. However did I end up here? 
squall: And so many new faces. Puzzling.
kazuma_winter: Finally—we can talk. We come seeking your wisdom, 
kazuma_winter: Sage of the Forest.
squall: Ah, you have a problem? Let's return to my cave and you can tell me all about it.
squall: A winter freeze...no crops... The situation is grave indeed. My apologies for not realizing it sooner.
aqua_winter: His personality's taken a hard 180, wouldn't you say?
megumin_winter: Seems so. Who could imagine all that ferocity would vanish so abruptly.
Amy: Squall may look wild, but inside he's a sweetheart. We often played together when I was little.
miia: Yup, yup! Lotsa hide 'n' seek! He was so good 
miia: at hidin', I had to give up and go home once.
kazuma_winter: Getting back on track... Is there any chance we can do something about the weather?
squall: Something like this has happened before...I'd hazard a guess that "they're" to blame.
kazuma_winter: So you know what we can do?! Uh, who exactly do you mean 
kazuma_winter: when you say "they"?
megumin_winter: This is more than freak weather, then? Someone's behind this?
squall: "Something" would be more accurate. They're lizards.
Mia & Amy: Lizards?
squall: "Blizzards"—reptilian monsters that generate snowstorms. The larger their number, the worse the weather.
squall: Normally, their lives end with the season. There have been exceptions, though.
squall: Such was the case ages ago when some exceptionally strong blizzards survived past spring.
Amy: So if we defeat these blizzards, it will end the...blizzard?
squall: Most likely. Come, I shall take you to their old den, they might still be there.
aqua_winter: Well, this is much easier than our trek to Squall's cave.
squall: That's because I know this forest like the back of my paw. This trail is both monster-free and easy to hike.
miia: I never knew this path existed. You're amazin', Squall!
miia: But doesn't livin' out here alone get...y'know? Lonely?
squall: It's a small price to pay for the safety of the village. On that note, 
squall: I'm deeply sorry about earlier.
darkness_winter: Think nothing of it. We're just happy to have the aid of the great Sage of the Forest.
squall: Samuidoh's troubles are my own. You're the kind ones here, helping us when this land and people must seem quite strange to you.
kazuma_winter: Oh, if you only knew... My entire financial future is riding 
kazuma_winter: on solving this dilemma!
squall: We're here. The blizzards' lair is just ahead—
Blizzard Pack: Krrrghhhhhh!
darkness_winter: Th-There's an entire horde! The runners we fought were nothing compared to this crowd!
Blizzard A: *Snarl*
Blizzard B: Fwaaaaaarrr!
Amy: Look, that one's blowing a snowstorm out of its mouth! So they really are to blame...
squall: Yes. But the plot thickens—these are far more blizzards than have ever survived before. It's unnatural.
Blizzard Pack: Vwooosh!
kazuma_winter: They noticed us! We don't stand a chance against 
kazuma_winter: this many! Everyone, fall back!
ナレーション: As the party retreated, ominous things were afoot in the nearby woods...
Girl: You too? Good grief. Your body temperature rises a measly 
Girl: few degrees and then what? You keel over dead. Sheesh.
ナレーション: A young girl carefully inspected the blizzard corpses strewn in the snow around her.
Girl: This should fix you right up. It's a "special" brew I made,
Girl: which you should be feeling right...about...now.
Blizzard Pack: Shwooom!
Girl: Good morning. Rise and shine, sleepyheads!
Girl: Since I only, you know—infused your bodies with brand-spanking new life, I'd like to ask a favor of you.
Girl: What kind of favor? Nothing complicated, really. 
Girl: I just want you to become...my friends.
ナレーション: Surrounded by a host of resurrected blizzards, a bold smile danced on the mysterious girl's lips...
