A Bailout for These Beastmen! - P5
ナレーション: The party fought their way toward the reclusive Sage of the Forest. But would their efforts meet the answers they sought?
kazuma_winter: *Pant pant* Too...many...freakin'...
kazuma_winter: MONSTERS!
darkness_winter: Mia wasn't exaggerating. This place is teeming with them.
megumin_winter: Can I fry 'em now? Pretty please?
kazuma_winter: Simmer down! You could cause an avalanche. 
kazuma_winter: Plus, there's no guarantee one Explosion will be enough.
miia: They keep pilin' on by the dozen! I swear this forest has more monsters than trees!
Amy: It could be due to Squall. He has an odd aura about him... It tends to attract hostile creatures.
Amy: They say that's why he lives in seclusion, to keep Samuidoh safe.
aqua_winter: I can completely understand why he wouldn't want to burden others with such a curse.
kazuma_winter: Hey, quit trying to make excuses for yourself! You're a lightning rod for the undead!
miia: All this fightin's got me famished. How 'bout we turn these 
miia: Blood Fangs into some juicy steaks?
Amy: I'm afraid we don't have time for a lunch break, sweetie. I'll fix you something when we get back.
miia: Not veggies again... Gimme some meat already.
kazuma_winter: Be grateful—those greens are on the verge of running out. Besides, we're almost at Squall's. You'll survive.
megumin_winter: Kazuma, look! That's gotta be Squall's cave!
darkness_winter: Squall's aura might have lured some gargantuan monster here. 
darkness_winter: There could even be a whole horde of them!
darkness_winter: Fear not—I will shield you while you flee! Though my body 
darkness_winter: might be torn asunder, my heart will stay with you! 
darkness_winter: Ahh!
kazuma_winter: Why would we run, you masochistic dunce?! We came here to talk to Squall, remember?
？？？: Grrrrrrrrr...
miia: A-Anyone else hear that?
Amy: It's Squall. He's snoring. See?
ナレーション: Amy gestured to a bed of ice, upon which lay a lupine mass of fierce, yet luxurious, fur and fangs.
squall: Zzzzzz...
aqua_winter: I thought all beastmen were like Mia and Amy, but this guy doesn't just have ears—he's the whole package.
kazuma_winter: You can say that again. "Wolfman" is the term they'd use back in my world.
Amy: It's wonderful to see Squall again. He looks well, even if his hair and beard are somewhat unkempt.
kazuma_winter: Hair? Beard? Don't you just mean fur?
aqua_winter: Wakey-wakey! Hmm... Still fast asleep. And we're making 
aqua_winter: quite the ruckus, too.
darkness_winter: Do you think it'd be too rough if I gave him a little love tap?
Amy: You mustn't harm the Sage of the Forest!
miia: Hey, Squall! Wake up, lazybones! Get outta bed already! 
miia: C'mon, you plannin' on sleepin' all day?!
Amy: Oh my, Mia. You look like you're having fun jumping up and down on Squall's belly.
megumin_winter: So smacking him's a no-no, but jumping on him isn't? You really spoil Mia.
miia: Wake up, ya shaggy lump! 
miia: We're in serious trouble here! Tell us how to beat this darn winter freeze!
squall: Grrrgh... Rmmm... *Sniff sniff sniff*
miia: Your nose givin' ya trouble, Squall?
squall: *Sniff sniff*
squall: —AH-CHOO!
darkness_winter: H-He's up.
squall: Mrrrmgh...
Amy: Greetings, Squall. I am Amy, from Samuidoh. The village is in dire need of your wisdom.
squall: Who...
squall: WHO DARES TO DISTURB MY SLEEP?! STEP FOOORTH!!!
ナレーション: The party covered their ears as the beastman's incensed roar shook the cavern walls.
megumin_winter: Please, we mean you no harm! 
megumin_winter: Allow me to introduce myself. 
megumin_winter: I am Megumin, foremost spellcaster of the Crimson Demon—
squall: I don't care if you're a caster of spells or a digger of wells! There is but one fate awaiting you...
darkness_winter: We're terribly sorry for waking you! Please, this is truly a matter of life or—
squall: DEATH!!!
aqua_winter: This guy's skull is thicker than his shaggy hide!
kazuma_winter: You guys do know what "sage" means, right? 'Cause
kazuma_winter: "murderous brute" is more the term I'd use!
Amy: Come to think of it, the mayor did warn us...
Mayor: Try not to wake him up too suddenly. Beastmen tell stories of the man's temper when he's woken up early. Good luck, Kazuma.
Amy: That would explain Squall's, erm—discontent.
kazuma_winter: Way to understate things, holy heck! The man's about to rip us to shreds!
squall: Silence, brat! I'll do more than that! I'll rip your blasted shreds to shreds!
kazuma_winter: I get why he lives alone out here now. With a temper like that and a body that's a literal monster magnet—
aqua_winter: Yep. You'd kind of have to.
squall: Graaaaaaaaagh!
kazuma_winter: We've got to snap him out of it! You guys ready?
