A Bailout for These Beastmen! - P3
aqua: So you're saying Samuidoh's in hot water?
Amy: More like a cold snap. Our harvest has been devastated by a winter freeze like no other.
kazuma: Right, I vaguely remember someone mentioning that last time we were here. So, it's especially cold this year?
miia: Cold ain't the half of it! Sneeze and your snot'll freeze\n
miia: 'fore it hits the ground!
Amy: We've been having blizzards for weeks on end. I can't even remember the last time Samuidoh saw sunlight.
megumin: That sounds terrible. 
megumin: But what about those greenhouse things that Kazuma built? Those should solve your farming troubles.
Amy: Unfortunately, not even the greenhouses can withstand cold of this magnitude.
darkness: And without farming, the people of Samuidoh have no way to make a living. 
darkness: They can't earn money...or even eat.
kazuma: So farming's impossible...
kazuma: Wait! No, that can't be!
banil: According to our contract, failure to meet the specified quota will result in a considerable penalty.
kazuma: Holy smokes! Vanir, how long have you been standing there?!
banil: I overheard your conversation and couldn't resist. Quite the conundrum you have on your hands...
kazuma: Just my luck, eh? So, regarding the contract, how about we just forget the 
kazuma: whole thing? You know, pretend it never happened...
banil: One hundred million Eris. Contract breach penalty.\n
banil: I'm a demon remember? Our deal stands!
kazuma: Reeeyooow! 
kazuma: YOU'VE GOTTA BE KIDDING ME!
miia: Kazuma, you're lookin' bluer than a lost blueberry.
aqua: Hate to say I told you so...but I told you so.
kazuma: Oh, spare me. You were on board with this plan too.\n
kazuma: What am I going to do?
banil: Your despair is a delicacy most delectable! Eris or crops, whichever you choose to pay with, I care not. 
banil: Mwahahahaha!
kazuma: This plan was supposed to make money, not drown me in debt! 
kazuma: Wait... Did Vanir play me?!
？？？: Sir Kazuma Satou!
kazuma: Oh, what now?
clair: Apologies for the sudden intrusion, but this matter is of the utmost importance.
iris_stealth: Brother! It's been far too long.
Darkness, Mia, Amy: P-Princess Iris?!
kazuma: Claire and Rain are with you, too. What's up?
aqua: Please, sit and have some tea.
clair: You're too kind.
darkness: If you had told us you were coming, we could have prepared something more suitable.
megumin: Why steal out of the castle in disguise like this?
rain: There has been an unsettling development—one the princess would prefer to communicate in person.
kazuma: Oh?
iris: Yes, well... Remember the scoundrels you vanquished just the other day? Daniel and Charlie?
clair: Their bodies have disappeared from the castle morgue.
megumin: Don't tell me they were actually still alive!
clair: No, they were quite dead. But someone—or some thing—broke the door lock and forced their way in.
darkness: But why in the world would anyone steal bodies?
rain: We're looking into that. Unfortunately, we don't have much to go on.
aqua: Let's hope it's not the work of some necromancer.\n
aqua: They're the worst. The very epitome of creepy.
iris: I figured you should be the first to know.\n
iris: Any thoughts on the matter, Brother?
kazuma: Hm... Maybe one of their troll underlings wanted to give them a proper burial?
kazuma: Even if someone resurrected Daniel, the hammer's gone. We can beat him handily, so long as we work together.
clair: Sir Kazuma does have a point. Even so, it is best for you 
clair: to remain vigilant regarding this matter.
kazuma: That could be tough, with Samuidoh unable to produce any crops... 
kazuma: Ahem, what I meant was—yes, we'll do our best.
iris: What was that about Samuidoh's crops?
kazuma: The village is being hit by a monster cold spell, making it impossible to grow anything.
iris: And you wish to save the beastmen, do you? 
iris: Your kindness knows no bounds, dear brother.
iris: Let us worry about the missing bodies. You focus on saving 
iris: the people of Samuidoh.
kazuma: S-Sounds like a plan. 
kazuma: If you do need my help, just holler.\n
kazuma: Though, I really need to focus on helping Samuidoh...
aqua: We all know this is about dodging that penalty payment.
kazuma: Shush, Aqua! For the love of...!
kazuma: While I would like to know what happened to Daniel, right now Samuidoh takes priority.
kazuma: Weather so cold that nothing grows, not even inside a greenhouse... I'd better see this for myself.
ナレーション: The next day, Kazuma's party, along with Amy and Mia, arrived at the wintry village of Samuidoh.
