A Bailout for These Beastmen! - P2
kazuma: You grew your own beastman produce?!
banil: Beastman vegetables are lauded far and wide for their taste.
banil: Yet, thanks to the science of selective breeding, us regular\n
banil: folk can now raise these delicious crops, too!
banil: On that note, there is a slight difference in taste compared to the real thing.
kazuma: Eh, you can't win 'em all.
banil: Which brings me to my proposal. You handle the farming, and I'll handle the selling.
banil: We'll split the profits straight down the middle. That's a handsome sum in your pocket each month.
kazuma: That's a tempting offer.
banil: All you need to do is meet your monthly crop quota. So, shall we make this deal official?
kazuma: Samuidoh has become quite the brand in the world of produce. A minor dip in taste shouldn't hurt our prospects.
kazuma: Plus, some of the greenhouses I financed in Samuidoh are vacant. What better time to use them than now?
kazuma: All right, I'm in! I could use some extra field hands.\n
kazuma: Mind lending me some of your famous Vanir dolls?
banil: You're a sly one, aren't you. Very well, feel free to use them as you please.
kazuma: Who would've thought those greenhouses would bring me such wealth? 
kazuma: Kazuma, you lucky, handsome devil, you...
banil: All that's left is the formality of your signature—
aqua: Hold it, buster! No one's signin' anything!
kazuma: So, where do I sign?
banil: Right here.
aqua: Uh, are you ignoring me on purpose or something?\n
aqua: Kazuma, you're literally signing a deal with a devil.
aqua: This venture's doomed to fail. My divine intuition says so. Sign and you'll be royally sorry!
kazuma: Kazuma...Satou. There. Let the money flow!
aqua: Why won't you listen to me?!
kazuma: Don't have a heart attack. I've got crazy high luck, remember? Barring any surprises, we’ll make a killing.
banil: Mwahahaha! 
banil: Thank you kindly! Now this is what\n
banil: I call good business!
aqua: *Sigh* Kazuma, I swear... These get-rich-quick schemes will be the end of you. 
aqua: Especially ones concocted by hellspawn.
banil: What an odd thing to hear from someone like you!
banil: Especially with the Order of Axis being little more than a bunch of shady soap peddlers. 
banil: Mwahaha! 
banil: Sure you're not the goddess of comedy?
aqua: I'll have you know that detergent works wonders! It really is just as good as we say it is!
aqua: Now, a demon growing vegetables? THAT'S what I call odd.\n
aqua: I'd rather die than dine on your demonic veggies!
aqua: Here, I'll leave you with a hefty helping of holy water! Maybe that'll save some of your evil-infused crops!
banil: Um...
aqua: ...
aqua: You can repent...on your way back to Hell!\n
aqua: Sacred—
banil: What happens next is on you, goddess! 
banil: Vanir's—
kazuma: Enough bickering, you two! Don't you see, Aqua? This is our ticket to easy street!
aqua: E-Easy street?
kazuma: Yup. Sipping that sweet bubbly from midday, never having to worry about money ever again...
aqua: B-But we'd be living on funds procured by this hell...thing!
kazuma: Just think of it! The finest drink, unlimited marbled crab, comfort and luxury for the rest of your life!
aqua: ...You got lucky, demon. But know this! I won't be so\n
aqua: merciful when next we meet!
banil: You self-serving buffoon.
aqua: La la lalalala ♪
darkness: Someone's in high spirits. I guess your meeting with Vanir went well?
kazuma: Yep. Once this project gets up and running, we'll be earning some serious coin each month.
megumin: That sounds too good to be true.
aqua: While that masked imp rubs me the wrong way, money sure doesn’t. 
aqua: Besides, we’ll need it to beat the Devil King.
kazuma: Also, a happy adventurer is a dangerous one. 
kazuma: This won't be like last time!
？？？: *Sigh*
kazuma: Hey, I was hoping to close this out on a high note! Who's that sighing over there?
darkness: Sighing? We didn't say a peep.
miia: *Sigh* This is quite the pickle...
Amy: Oh, my poor, sad, little Mia, sighing the day away.\n
Amy: If only there was something we could do.
aqua: Mia? And Amy, too...
aqua: Why the glum faces?
kazuma: You can talk to us. We're veggie buddies, remember?
miia: "Vegetables." 
miia: That's the root of our problem.
kazuma: Problem...? 
kazuma: Oh, boy. This can't be good.
ナレーション: The color completely drained from his face, Kazuma braced himself for Mia's tale of woe.
