A Bailout for These Beastmen! - P4
aqua_winter: So. Cold! 
aqua_winter: I am SO cold right now!
Amy: Sorry to drag you into such frigid weather.
darkness_winter: You weren't exaggerating. The north was always cold, but this? Simply torturous! 
darkness_winter: I like it!
megumin_winter: I'm glad you're enjoying this, but the rest of us are about 
megumin_winter: to freeze to death. Can I use my explosion magic now?
kazuma_winter: Please, no. I’m not up for carrying your limp, lifeless body through the snow right now.
miia: There she is, everyone. 
miia: Our village—Samuidoh!
Amy: My little Mia's so cute, frolicking in the snow. 
Amy: I could sit and watch her for hours.
kazuma_winter: I think I'm going to get hypothermia. Can we please get inside already?
ナレーション: While our heroes enjoyed the warmth of a blazing hearth, the mayor explained Samuidoh's plight.
darkness: Amy says you've been hit by an unprecedented cold spell.
Mayor: Indeed. These relentless blizzards cause the temperature to plummet daily. We can hardly go outside, let alone till soil.
aqua: And your greenhouses are no help either?
Mayor: I'm afraid not. It pains me to say it, but this season's harvest has been completely decimated.
kazuma: Well, I'm screwed! There's absolutely no way I'm fulfilling my contract with Vanir now...
megumin_lightcloth: With how crazy things have gotten, there's got to be something behind all this.
Mayor: Your guess is as good as mine. In the hundred years I've lived here, we've never been hit like this.
Amy: If you don't know what to do, mayor, perhaps we really are doomed...
Mayor: I'm flattered, but if you're looking for somebody wise... Well, Squall may have the answer!
kazuma: Squall?
miia: Yup. He's the one who founded our village!
Amy: Squall's a beastman blessed with a curiously long life, and he has the knowledge to match his age.
Mayor: That he does. In fact, he taught us how to grow our veggies. In Samuidoh, no one commands more respect.
Mayor: Squall's helped us avert crisis countless times in the past. Perhaps he can save us once more.
kazuma: Sounds like a sit-down with this Squall character is 
kazuma: in order. So, where is he? Bring the old-timer over!
Mayor: He lives alone, deep in the snow-blanketed depths of the forest. He hasn't been around here in years.
kazuma: Looks like we'll have to go to him, then. Mind pointing us in the right direction?
aqua: Kazuma, you're strangely fired up for this.
kazuma: The people of Samuidoh are depending on me. I'd rather 
kazuma: die before letting them down.
Amy: Oh Kazuma, you're always thinking of others...
Amy: You sweet, selfless man!
megumin_lightcloth: I'm pretty sure this is all about his contract...
darkness: Oh, it most definitely is.
kazuma: Be quiet! You're ruining the moment!
Mayor: Squall's taken residence in a cave, quite far from here.
miia: And I know where it is! Just so ya know, the area's a total monster-fest. Grown-ups always tell us to keep away!
kazuma: Monsters? Wonderful. 
kazuma: Then again, we don't have a choice.
Mayor: Mia and Amy shall guide you there on the morrow. Squall's likely fast asleep this time of the day.
Mayor: Try not to wake him up too suddenly. Beastmen tell stories of the man's temper when he's woken up early. Good luck, Kazuma.
darkness_winter: It's only morning and I'm frozen to the bone.
Amy: The nights are even colder, you know. If we don't exit the forest by sundown, we'll probably freeze to death.
kazuma_winter: Such a chipper tone for such horrible news.
aqua_winter: Squall founded Samuidoh, right? Why's he living like 
aqua_winter: a crusty old hermit?
miia: It's been that way forever. Guess some folks just like their privacy?
megumin_winter: He sounds a bit kooky to me.
Amy: Not at all. In fact, his full beard and silver locks make Squall quite dignified.
Amy: He's clever, too, which is why the village elders call him the "Sage of the Forest."
miia: Yup, yup! He taught me a buncha stuff. Like crab fishin', 
miia: foragin'—even how to read 'n' write!
kazuma_winter: Hmm. He sounds more like a school tutor than a sage...
kazuma_winter: Can he really solve our weather problem?
Amy: Oh, Squall knows it all, from architecture to farming—and even medicine!
Amy: I know that he'll help us.
Beast A: Grrrrrrrrr...
darkness_winter: Monster! Everyone, get behind me!
Beast B: Graaaaaah!
megumin_winter: Make that monsters. Something tells me getting to Squall will be anything but a cakewalk.
kazuma_winter: Unfortunately, we don't have a choice! Okay team—
kazuma_winter: It's time to get rowdy!
ナレーション: And so the brave heroes faced their feral foes. Weapons drawn, they steeled themselves for battle...
