An End for This Cold Snap! - P6
ナレーション: After defeating the golem, the group returned home and looked forward to a brand new day...
chris: I gotta say... I was a teensy bit worried for a second. It's not often people have golems on their security detail.
kazuma: All's well that ends well. Especially now that we have the relic.
chris: Hm? 
chris: Kazuma, who's that over there?
Man: Thank you! From the bottom of my heart, thank you!
melissa: Stand up, would you? You don’t have to grovel.
Man: But are you sure you're willing to let this go for free? I've heard this potion is extremely costly.
melissa: Oh? Well, I found it for the low cost of free.
melissa: Anyway, you've got a sick kid at home waiting for that potion. So quit your gabbing and get outta here already!
Man: Yes, this will fix my baby right up! Thank you so much! Why, you're a genuine angel descended from the—
melissa: Enough already! I get it, okay? Now scram!
Man: Yes, ma'am! Right away, ma’am!
melissa: Ugh. Some people just can't take a hint.
kazuma: Ah, so that potion was medicinal. It's all coming together.
melissa: Wh-What are you... How much of that did you hear?
chris: We heard enough. It seems you do have a softer side after all, eh Melissa?
melissa: Hey, I was just repaying an old debt.
melissa: I had the same sickness when I was a child. It was only thanks to 
melissa: the generosity of a kindhearted thief that I recovered.
melissa: He neither named himself nor asked for anything in return. Where he swiped the potion from is a mystery.
kazuma: And now that you're a thief, you were able to do the same thing for someone else. 
kazuma: Talk about a riveting 
kazuma: drama.
melissa: I'm a treasure hunter, not a thief, thank you very much. And I've talked far too much for one day...
chris: I know a thief with a conscience when I see one. It's okay to be proud, you know?
squall: Sorry for the wait, Kazuma. We're ready to depart for Samuidoh now.
melissa: Squall! Just the beastman I was hoping to see. 
melissa: You, sir, have a promise to fulfill.
squall: R-Right... My ears... You wanted to touch my ears... 
squall: Time is of the essence, so please make it quick.
Amy: Will this relic really put an end to the blizzard?
kazuma_winter: Technically, it's going to end the blizzards, which will then end the blizzard. Does that make sense?
miia: The corn, celery, and potatoes are all on their last legs! Stalks! Whatever! 
miia: Hurry and end this snowstorm!
Blizzard Pack: Vwooosh!
aqua_winter: They're out in force, as usual.
squall: O Sona Tau-el! Reveal to us your arcane power! 
squall: Hrrraaaaaagh!
ナレーション: Squall lifted the relic, letting the cloth flutter in the brisk air until the snow and ice began to melt...
Amy: Is it just me, or is it getting warmer?
aqua_winter: You're right, it is getting warmer! It feels like we're in 
aqua_winter: a nice and toasty kotatsu.
aqua_winter: Hold on... How much warmer is it gonna get? We're actually way past warm at this point. It's hot!
squall: The relic generates midsummer temperatures which will mix with the cold, eventually reaching equilibrium. We're fine.
Blizzard Pack: Rrrrrrghhh...
darkness_winter: They're melting... The heat wave is turning them into 
darkness_winter: lizard-shaped slush!
kazuma_winter: They're like popsicles melting in the summer sun. 
kazuma_winter: Squall, let me give it a try.
squall: But of course. Simply give the relic a spirited wave, as if it were a paper fan.
kazuma_winter: Okay... Like this?
Blizzard Pack: Grrraaaaaargh!
kazuma_winter: Ha, get a load of that! I feel mighty... Like I could
melt iron! Now this I could get used to!
？？？: You better not, you power-crazed pyros! Stop it!
kazuma_winter: Stop? Give me one good reason— Hey, who said that?
？？？: How dare you hurt my friends, you sick, sadistic band 
？？？: of creeps!
megumin_winter: And who might you be?
darkness_winter: The blizzard these lizards are generating is ruining the livelihood of the nearby village—
？？？: Quiet, you! These "lizards" are my friends, who I brought back to life! I won't have you killing them off again!
aqua_winter: Friends? Back to life?
squall: So you're the one who...?
mel: Mel's the name. And don't you forget it.
kazuma_winter: Okay, Mel. Question... When you say "brought back to life"...
mel: Hey, only my friends can call me Mel!
kazuma_winter: Why can't anyone ever be normal for a change?
ナレーション: Kazuma stared at the pouting young girl and heaved a sigh, convinced that further negotiations were pointless.
