An End for This Cold Snap! - P1
ナレーション: Kazuma and friends were in an undignified retreat from the reptilian blizzards—the creatures behind the snowstorm.
ナレーション: The monsters were as nimble as they were numerous, sending the team into a panic...for the most part.
miia: Yay, I love playin' tag!
kazuma_winter: We're running for our lives, kid! Get serious! 
kazuma_winter: Megumin, we could use an Explosion right about now!
megumin_winter: No can do! I just let one off earlier, remember?
kazuma_winter: Damn, you're right! 
kazuma_winter: But how else can we fight this many monsters?! We're screwed. Completely screwed!
Blizzard: Fwaaaaaah!
darkness_winter: It's come to this, has it? Don't worry, I'll hold them off! 
darkness_winter: Everyone else, run to safety!
squall: While I applaud your spirit, there's a time for valor and a time for wits! We retreat together!
Blizzard: Rwaaargh!
squall: Behind you! Hi-yah!
kazuma_winter: You saved my neck, Squall! And with one hit, too.
squall: There's something odd about this blizzard...
aqua_winter: Downing one won't make a difference in the long run. Skedaddle, everyone—on the double!
kazuma_winter: You heard her. Step on it, gang!
miia: Why let that blizzard go to waste? Let's barbecue the thing and take it to go!
Amy: That's my Mia: certain death only stokes her appetite.
kazuma_winter: Well it has the opposite effect on ours! Now let's get 
kazuma_winter: to Samuidoh before we all die!
Mayor: It delights me to see that you haven't changed a whit, Squall.
squall: There is an air of gravitas about you, old friend. It tells me Samuidoh owes you much for its prosperity.
squall: But back to the subject at hand—the sheer number of blizzards is completely unprecedented.
Mayor: At least we know the source of the problem now. That in itself... 
squall: Far be it from me to reject the mayor's hospitality, but I'll err on the safe side and rest in the barn.
kazuma_winter: His morning tantrums are likely more dangerous than the monsters he attracts. Just saying.
megumin_winter: I'll have to second that. Squall's temper isn't something to be trifled with.
squall: In my defense, the timing of your little visit wasn't ideal. So long as I wake up naturally, everything's fine.
darkness_winter: Admittedly, our method of waking you wasn't the greatest. 
darkness_winter: We'll be more careful next time.
Mayor: Now then, we have prepared your respective quarters for the night. And with that, I bid you good evening.
squall: Top of the morning, friends.
aqua: Morning? It's past noon! You really are a heavy sleeper.
squall: Actually, I was up much earlier—investigating something. That something being... 
squall: this.
darkness: A blizzard corpse? 
darkness: Why did you bring it here?
squall: Mia dragged it back hoping to sneak in a snack.
kazuma: She had the time to think of food while we were running for our lives? I’m almost impressed.
squall: It's a good thing I got to it before she could. Upon closer inspection of the body, 
squall: I found signs of Spirit Elixir.
megumin_lightcloth: And what is that, exactly?
squall: An elixir brewed with the enchanted touch of a spirit. Just a few drops are enough to resurrect the dead.
aqua: Excuse me?! Raising the dead is an affront to the 
aqua: sacred laws of nature!
kazuma: Uh, you use Resurrection all the time.
aqua: Exactly. I won't have people replicating such a divine feat with some measly fairy broth!
kazuma: So this is about you, ultimately...
squall: The blizzard population has soared to unnatural heights. And I surmise this serum is the cause.
darkness: That means someone is reviving dead blizzards like there's no tomorrow.
megumin_lightcloth: With the intention of causing a colossal cold snap, perhaps? But that begs the question... Why?
squall: No idea. Another puzzling factor is the serum. It's a rare commodity, owned by only a handful of higher spirits.
kazuma: It’s an interesting question, but not one that helps us right now. Our priority should be culling those blizzards.
kazuma: No more blizzards...means no more blizzard.
squall: Hmm... We don’t have time to recruit a party normally. This task falls to us, 
squall: and us alone.
kazuma: On that note, how exactly are we going to pull this off?
squall: I have an idea.
kazuma: You do?!
squall: We work backwards. The blizzards created this endless freeze, but if we end the freeze, we end them.
squall: Put simply, 
squall: we defeat the cold with its polar opposite.
aqua: That doesn't sound simple at all. What do you mean?
squall: I shall explain. But first, might I propose we take a small 
squall: pause for afternoon tea?
ナレーション: Squall moved swiftly to the kitchen, producing a teacup for each party member with captivating grace.
