An End for This Cold Snap! - P4
ナレーション: Before entering, the group steeled themselves to retrieve the prize they so desperately sought...
melissa: It's time to make our move.
chris: We normally do this sorta thing solo. I'm excited!
squall: I may not be a thief by trade, but allow me to take the lead. My nose can detect both hostiles and treasures alike.
kazuma: Man, we pulled together quite a team on short notice. 
kazuma: Melissa, I trust Squall's floofiness won't be a distraction?
melissa: I'm a professional. When there's work to be done, nothing can rattle me. 
melissa: Not even...cuteness...of this...degree...
squall: Madam, I said the ears are off-limits!
melissa: What about the nose? Oh, that moist, shiny, button nose!
kazuma: I'm starting to have doubts...
chris: Just so there are no surprises, let's go over the plan. The relic we want is in the vault, correct?
kazuma: That's what the man himself said. "You can forget about 
kazuma: taking this relic of mine! 
kazuma: To the vault it goes!"
melissa: My sources tell me the vault is on the second floor, in the farthest room of the hall.
squall: Our target is the Sona Tau-el... We must save Samuidoh!
chris: Let's get to it, team!
ナレーション: Chris let the group in the mansion’s back door via a bit of lock-picking...
chris: Are you sure we should be running? These jobs usually require a bit more finesse.
squall: Don't worry. When it comes to detecting the presence of humans, my nose never fails.
melissa: It is a wonderful nose, isn't it? Can I pet it again later?
kazuma: Can you stop goofing around? We're trying to break the law here.
squall: Wait... Someone's coming out of the room on the right. Hold your position until we're clear.
melissa: Ooh, his ears twitched! Sooooo cute!
squall: Uh... Thank you?
kazuma: Is it just me, or is this aspect of Melissa getting worse and worse by the day?
melissa: Ah! Can it be?
melissa: Look, that painting on the wall. It's a work by a young rising star in the art world.
kazuma: From fur to ears to treasure... How do you keep it all straight in your head?
chris: Lord Conrad is known for using his considerable power to bully nobles and commoners alike out of their valuables.
chris: I bet you anything that's how he got that painting.
squall: A noble with a penchant for extortion, eh? One never has to look hard to find evil.
melissa: Yes, and by that logic, we might as well take whatever we like.
chris: I'm not sure about that... but regarding the painting, 
chris: it certainly could benefit someone down on their luck.
kazuma: Hold your horses. You won't be going anywhere with that colossal canvas. Today's prize is the relic, nothing more.
kazuma: Stop the snowstorm, and we save an entire village. That's how we give back to the unfortunate. No painting required.
chris: Sometimes you know just the right thing to say, Kazuma.
chris: I was wrong about you!
melissa: Do you sincerely believe that? Something tells me you have, ahem, "ulterior motives."
kazuma: Yeesh... Nothing gets by her.
melissa: While I have my doubts about Kazuma's intent, I also don't really care. 
melissa: As he said, today's goal is the relic.
kazuma: Weird. She's never this quick to agree with me...
squall: I am eternally grateful.
melissa: Then by all means, show your gratitude by letting me 
melissa: nestle my face in your...
squall: Ha! I’ll, ah, think about it.
chris: We've managed to mask our presence. Let's get moving.
squall: You're right. The vault shouldn't be far now.
kazuma: You can tell that just by looking?
squall: Just by smelling. The scent of riches grows stronger with each step we take.
squall: But beware... for something evil is afoot. Stealing the relic might not be as simple as we thought.
chris: Did Conrad hire monsters as guards? Ah, even if he did, 
chris: it's nothing our party can't handle.
ナレーション: The party nodded in agreement before making a silent dash to the vault...
