An End for This Cold Snap! - P5
ナレーション: The group ventured further into the mansion, until they finally neared their destination...
melissa: Shhh... The guards are on alert.
chris: Stand aside. I'll create a diversion.
Sentry: Wait... I swear I heard something over there.
chris: Now's our chance!
squall: The less fighting we do today, the better. A fine display of wits, thief.
chris: Huh, it was nothing. Now, about the vault... It should be around here somewhere.
squall: Agreed. The smell of gemstones is more pungent than ever.
melissa: My Treasure Detection skill is telling me this is the place, 
melissa: but there's no vault to be found.
chris: You think it's hidden? Like, behind a trapdoor or something?
kazuma: The longer we stand here, the greater our chances of getting caught. Either we find a clue now, or we come back later.
kazuma: What 
kazuma: the—?!
chris: Bingo!
melissa: Looks like the wall you were leaning on hid a secret door.
melissa: I guess you aren't completely useless after all.
chris: Let me get a look at that lock... Yeah, doesn't seem to be anything my lock-picking skill can't handle.
chris: Voila! We're in.
kazuma: Treasure! Sweet, glittering piles of it! Who would've thought that slimy noble was hoarding so much?
squall: The relic is far better served in our hands. The texts I've read describe the item as a cloth with strange markings.
kazuma: Hey, I think this is it. Seems a bit out of place in a trove of gold and precious stones, though.
squall: It reeks of magic. This is it! Behold— 
squall: The Sona Tau-el!
kazuma: Seriously? This means we've saved Samuidoh!
chris: That was almost too easy, wouldn't you say?
kazuma: Hey, fine by me. Better than the alternative!
chris: We're in the vault of a crooked noble. Surely we can relieve him of more than some wispy fabric.
melissa: Good thinking. I doubt the lord will miss this.
chris: A potion? We're literally surrounded by jewels on all sides.
melissa: I've actually had my eye on this baby for some time now.
melissa: I only found the Sona Tau-el because I was already looking for this.
kazuma: So you were planning to break in here anyway? I knew something was up.
melissa: Don't be so sour. Our little alliance worked out for both of us, didn’t it?
kazuma: I guess. But enough about that. Let's split before security—
squall: Wait! Behind that shelf! I smell something...alive!
kazuma: Who's there? Show yourself!
ナレーション: Kazuma shouted, entirely unprepared for the lone spider that emerged from behind the shelf.
chris: Oh, it's just a bug. You had me scared for a second.
squall: Hmm...
melissa: What's wrong Squall? Your tail's standing on end.
squall: GAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!
chris: Squall, what's the matter?!
squall: I-I-IT'S A SPIDERRRRRR!! 
squall: *Howl*
squall: 　
Sentry: By the goddess! What was that?!
kazuma: You flea-bitten bonehead! Why'd you go and howl like that? Now the guards are on their way!
squall: Sorry, but I don’t respond well to insects and arachnids.
kazuma: Well, this is a fine way to tell us!
kazuma: I bet hiding in the snowy mountains isn't to keep the villagers safe. It's to live free from bugs!
squall: I choose to neither confirm nor deny that.
kazuma: I knew it! 
kazuma: Some sage of the forest you are!
Sentry: I've found the intruders! Summon the security golem!
kazuma: G-G-G-Golem?!
Magic Iron Golem: Grrraaaaaargh!
chris: A golem! This night keeps getting worse and worse.
squall: I'll keep it busy. The rest of you get to safety.
melissa: We came together, we leave together. Plus, you promised 
melissa: to let me touch your ears later.
squall: Ha, thanks.
kazuma: Aw, screw it! If they want a fight, let's give 'em one!
