An End for This Cold Snap! - P3
squall: Mia and the good people of Samuidoh were counting on me to return with that relic.
cielo: I'm sorry. This is all my fault.
aqua: This is anything but your fault.
megumin_lightcloth: Yeah, that twisted aristocrat's the one to blame here.\n
megumin_lightcloth: You were right to turn him down.
darkness: What are we to do now though? If we return to him and he even hears us out, he'll surely demand an astronomical amount of money.
kazuma: Exactly what a crook among crooks would do.
kazuma: ...Luckily, we know exactly where he's keeping the relic. 
kazuma: The rest I can take from here.
squall: Tell me, my boy. Why are you going to such great lengths for the people of Samuidoh?
kazuma: Some people only care about getting ahead, while some want to help others. 
kazuma: It just so happens I'm the latter.
kazuma: Honestly, I want the villagers to return to their lives. Till their fields. Beat the cold... 
kazuma: And smile again!
squall: Such selflessness! I see why the mayor trusts you so much. You have the heart of a true hero.
kazuma: That, and if they don't grow a mountain of veggies, I'll owe Vanir more money than I’ll ever see in my lifetime!
kazuma: That's our predicament. So, Samuidoh desperately needs 
kazuma: your help. Whaddaya say?
chris: Pinching a relic from a slimy, corrupt nobleman...
chris: Eh, it's for a good cause. I'm in!
kazuma: Thanks a bunch, Chris! 
kazuma: And you, Melissa?
melissa: I'm down for anything, anytime, anywhere—provided I get my fair share, of course.
kazuma: Y-Yeah, about that... I don't have much money on me now. But once this matter wraps up...
melissa: You want to put this on your tab? Sorry, buster. I'm no bar. No cash, no deal.
melissa: ...Is what I'd usually say, but I think I can make a special 
melissa: exception this time. Consider it on the house.
kazuma: You? Work for free?! 
kazuma: There has to be an ulterior motive...
melissa: I had a ball helping in your crusade against Daniel! And my cutesy-wootsie Mia needs a helping hand.
melissa: Not to mention, I'm due at Lord Conrad's anyway...
kazuma: Sorry, what was that?
melissa: Just talking to myself. Don't mind me.
kazuma: These masks will ensure no one gets a glimpse of our mugs. 
kazuma: Okay, team! Our mission is a go!
chris: Sure you don't want to bring Darkness and the others?
kazuma: This is a...covert mission, if you get my drift. I don't think they would approve.
melissa: So that's why you came to us... Well, I guess a smaller team is more suited to infiltration.
kazuma: You two need masks? There's enough to go around.
melissa: Pros don't need to play dress-up. I intend to swipe that treasure with silence, grace, 
melissa: and flawless stealth.
？？？: A treasure hunter and a thief... An ideal roster for pulling off a successful heist, wouldn't you say?
melissa: Who are you?
kazuma: Don't worry, Squall's a friend. He asked to come along. He wouldn't take no for an answer.
chris: Ah, the Sage of the Forest. Kazuma filled us in.
squall: I am indebted to you. Once the cold snap passes, please allow me to properly show my gratitude.
kazuma: He may be large, but he's nimble as a cat—not to mention 
kazuma: a genius, too. Now, let's nab that relic!
melissa: Hmm...
squall: Melissa, was it? You've been staring at me for some time now. Is something the matter?
melissa: This is...a bit of a problem. How can I focus with this 
melissa: giant ball of cute right next to me?
squall: I beg your pardon?
melissa: Be still, my beating heart! Remember Mia and Chommy. I prefer my cute and cuddly critters to be pint-sized!
melissa: Large and shaggy specimens will...not...sway me! 
melissa: COME TO ME, YOU BIG, FLOOFY BOY, YOU!
squall: C-Cease this manhandling of my ears! There is something gravely wrong with your friend!
kazuma: She's unwell. Very, very unwell.
melissa: You're like a warm, walking blanket! I guess big and fluffy isn't so bad, after all!
squall: Kazuma, you keep peculiar company indeed.
kazuma: So you understand my plight? Goodness, I'm moved beyond words.
chris: You're not exactly normal yourself, Kazuma. Okay?
ナレーション: After Melissa subjected Squall to the full extent of her attentions, the four quietly snuck into the estate...
