An End for This Cold Snap! - P2
squall: So fragrant... The sweet lull of afternoon only reaches its best with tea as its companion.
kazuma: Tea's, uh, great and all that, but can you tell us how we're gonna handle those blizzards already?
aqua: Yeah, what did you mean by the cold's polar opposite?
squall: It's elementary. What better way to deal with a cold wave...than with a heat wave?
darkness: Sound in theory, perhaps—but how does one create a heat wave large enough to stop 
darkness: a week-long blizzard?
megumin_lightcloth: Hahaha! Squall, you sly dog—er, wolf! I get it! You want me 
megumin_lightcloth: to blow the blizzard away with my Explosion magic!
squall: Actually, no.
megumin_lightcloth: Huh? 
squall: There is a relic which can generate the heat we require. Granted, I've never seen it in person.
darkness: Interesting. A tool like that certainly sounds like it could do the trick. Can you tell us more?
squall: This mystical heat-generating relic is known as... 
squall: the "Sona Tau-el"!
aqua: Sona Tau-el? 
aqua: It certainly has a warm, exotic ring to it.
squall: There is a complication, though. I don't know where to find it. My apologies for getting your hopes up...
kazuma: No, you've done more than enough. It just so happens I have a friend with a knack for finding these sorts of things.
kazuma: A heat wave-generating relic? "Sona Tau-el"? It sounds like a joke...
cielo_stage: So, you want to know who I am? 
cielo_stage: Say hello to Cielo!
lia_stage: I may look cool, but my heart is on fire! 
lia_stage: Relax, you're with Lia now!
erica_stage: All the world's cuteness in a single package! 
erica_stage: 1,000% pure cuteness? That's me, Erika!
Fans: Woo-hoo! Go, Axel!
ナレーション: Hoping to uncover clues pertaining to the Sona Tau-el's location, the party arrived at the familiar town of Axel...
squall: During my days on the road, I saw many displays of song and dance, but nothing like this. My, how things change.
megumin: So even the great Sage of the Forest is susceptible to surprise. 
megumin: Guess that means Axel Hearts are truly one-of-a-kind.
kazuma: But of course. I've shamelessly copied Japanese idol culture to turn them into mega-stars.
melissa: There you are. I scoured the town looking for you guys.
kazuma: Melissa? You're finished? Already? Your sleuthing skills 
kazuma: truly are a wonder.
melissa: Well, yeah. I figured the relic you're looking for would be quite valuable. So I hit the auction records, and bingo!
melissa: The item in question was purchased by a nobleman—a certain Lord Conrad. It was brought to his estate one week ago.
squall: A nobleman, huh? That could be trouble.
kazuma: Actually, quite the opposite...
kazuma: Darkness? You're up!
darkness: Negotiating with a noble shouldn't be too complicated, being one myself. I daresay the relic will be ours before long.
squall: You're a noble? I had no idea.
kazuma: Yep, a genuine daughter of the House of Dustiness. Her real name's...
kazuma: Lalatina.
darkness: Do not utter that name!
melissa: You're going to need to take this seriously. This lord is notorious for being a crook among crooks.
Lord Conrad: What a pleasure it is to be graced by not one, but two ladies of such resplendent beauty.
cielo: M-My lord. It's been ages since we last met at the ball. 
cielo: Please, allow me introduce my friend here.
darkness: It is an honor to meet you. I am Lalatina Ford Dustiness, daughter of the House of Dustiness.
darkness: I am currently charged with a mission of grave importance. Please excuse this frayed adventurer attire.
Lord Conrad: Not at all... I am flattered you would turn to me for aid. However, I must ask—is this peasant boy here your servant?
kazuma: I'm nobody's servant...
darkness: He, too, is an adventurer. I requested he accompany me on this particular matter.
Lord Conrad: Ah, an adventurer... Yes, of course. That would explain his galling lack of class—especially in your angelic presence.
cielo: U-Uh...
kazuma: I apologize for my peasantry, O posh one! This guy's 
kazuma: a living caricature of noble stereotypes!
kazuma: I only came here because he's supposed to be a friend of Cielo's. But I've had my fill, so let's hurry the heck up.
Lord Conrad: I gather this is the relic you seek?
kazuma: That it is. They say it has the power to summon heat waves.
Lord Conrad: Hmm...
cielo: That is the relic of legend, the heat wave-generating "Sona Tau-el," right?
Lord Conrad: So I have been told.
kazuma: This guy... He's flat-out ignoring me!
darkness: That relic is key to our mission. We would be eternally grateful if you relinquished it to us.
Lord Conrad: But of course.
cielo: R-Really?! 
cielo: Thank you so much!
darkness: We will not leave you empty-handed, of course. How much do you require in trade?
Lord Conrad: Oh, nothing so trifling as mere coins. It is only natural that I help my fellow nobles.
Lord Conrad: On that note, I do have one request. That request being... My dear Cielo here becomes my personal dancer!
cielo: What?!
Lord Conrad: You shall dance for none but me, morning, noon... and, of course, night! Wah ha ha!
darkness: Ugh. This man is the very essence of vulgarity and egomania.
kazuma: Daniel was gaga for Lia. Looks like this guy fancies Cielo.
Lord Conrad: Well, my sweet? Do you desire this relic, or not? If the answer is yes, then make yourself mine!
cielo: NOOOOOOOOO!!
Lord Conrad: Bwrmmmf!
cielo: ...Huh?! 
cielo: Th-That's not good!
Lord Conrad: Y-Y-You insolent little... You can forget about taking this relic of mine! To the vault it goes!
ナレーション: Though the relic had slipped further out of reach, seeing the battered nobleman was rather cathartic for Kazuma.
