A Friend for This Lonely Spirit! - P3
ナレーション: With Mel in tow, the gang returned to the mansion, resuming life as normal—or rather, as close to normal as they could manage...
kazuma: Screw this! The lightning spirit goes, I say!
aqua: Oh shush. It's only day one. You're overreacting.
kazuma: No, I'm not! My sleep, interrupted by inane songs sung straight into my ear! My food, laced with hot sauce from hell!
kazuma: Getting flash-fried in the bath with freakin' lightning! I'm dying out here!
mel: Aw, it's just a little lighthearted fun.
kazuma: Try "cruel and unusual"!
squall: Just bear with Mel a little longer. I promise, I'll find a place for her to stay. 
squall: How about some tea to dispel that morning drowsiness?
kazuma: Thanks. But seriously, 
kazuma: how long is she gonna—bwa-hurrk!
kazuma: This is unspeakably bitter! What kind of tea is this?!
squall: Egad, you're right! This is no tea! ...Mel?!
mel: Guilty as charged! But hey, you're wide awake now, no? 
mel: Behold the boundless wisdom of the spirits!
kazuma: Y-You little imp...!
squall: Don't let her get to you. I'll put another pot on.
ナレーション: Mel's antics did not cease, testing everyone's patience to the limit.
megumin_lightcloth: Yow! My eyeeeeee!
aqua: What gives, Megumin? Why the ruckus? Are you that bored?
megumin_lightcloth: No, look! 
megumin_lightcloth: Here! Oh, Aqua— 
megumin_lightcloth: The humanity!
aqua: Yikes! Is this hot sauce smeared on the back of your eyepatch?
ナレーション: It didn't stop there...
darkness: Hehe... It's been ages since I've found a proper quest. I must alert Kazuma 
darkness: and the others— 
mel: This is gonna be good. Here, watch this!
darkness: Yowzaaaaaa! 
darkness: B-B-
darkness: By the goddess!
Bystander: Lightning? That's odd. The sky's blue as an antelope's egg... Holy—! Lady, are you okay?!
darkness: Lightning...surging through...body...
mel: Wow. Gotta hand it to crusaders. They sure are built tough.
darkness: Wh-What's the big idea, Mel? Is this your idea of a pleasant surprise? 
darkness: You're lucky it's me you're dealing with. 
darkness: Were it anyone else, they'd be in the hospital. Never again—understand?
mel: One more for the road!
darkness: Nwaaa
darkness: aaangh! 
darkness: Y-You'd better hope I don't start to like this!
ナレーション: And even further...
mel: I meant no harm. Honest! I only wanted us to become closer. You know, as friends... 
megumin_lightcloth: By inflicting excruciating pain? On your so-called friends?! 
megumin_lightcloth: Washing hot sauce out of my eyepatch wasn't easy!
aqua: Even rowdy friends exercise a little respect! ...Like giving a bottle of bubbly to show remorse.
mel: Oh? It just so happens I have some of the good stuff right here. Care for a glass, Aqua?
aqua: All is forgiven!
megumin_lightcloth: For the love of... Don't let her bribe you! Come to think of 
megumin_lightcloth: it, you haven't been on the receiving end of anything yet!
aqua: Eh. Let's not sweat the details. 
aqua: Bottoms up!
aqua: Huh? This is just plain water.
mel: Impossible. That bubbly is actually a super-spicy chili juice—fifty times more potent than normal peppers...
aqua: Seriously? One swig of that and my insides would melt!
kazuma: Your purification powers saved you from a world of hurt.
squall: You've been through quite the ordeal. My apologies.
aqua: It's nothing you should apologize for...
squall: Taking care of Mel was my idea. It's only fit the duty falls to me now.
squall: I rented a cabin in the nearby forest. Mel and I will stay there 
squall: for the time being.
kazuma: So that's where you went during the day— You were looking for a place to stay? But why such a remote location?
squall: Between my ability to attract monsters and Mel's antics, the more remote we are, the better.
mel: Location is no issue. But remember who you're living with! I expect a certain standard of lifestyle.
mel: For starters, each article of furniture must exude class. 
mel: Each morning, I must wake to a cup of aromatic tea. 
mel: My strict requirements for your housekeeping go without saying. Oh, and how well do you give massages?
aqua: Sounds like the life. Mind if I move in too? 
kazuma: Squall isn't your private butler, okay? Come to think of it, 
kazuma: won't living with this girl put him in mortal danger?
kazuma: What if she sets you off by disturbing your sleep?
squall: Mel is a spirit—and a higher spirit at that. Should it come to blows, evading my attacks would be a trifling matter for her.
kazuma: Coming from a powerful beastman, that's saying a lot. I had no clue Mel was that strong.
aqua: It's good that you got a cabin and all, but what are you going to do about living expenses?
squall: It took all my coin just to get the cabin... We'll need to live off quests moving forward.
kazuma: We'll lend a hand, of course. And with you in our party, the more lucrative quests should be a cinch.
aqua: Hey, how about this one? It's a Blood Fang hunt. The per-monster rate 
aqua: is mighty fine!
squall: Hm...
aqua: Doesn't tickle your fancy?
squall: N-No, that's not...
aqua: Then it's settled! I'll turn in the paperwork. Then we can gather the rest of the gang and get ready!
mel: A real quest... 
mel: I can't wait!
kazuma: Allow to me issue a critical warning. Pull any pranks, and you will regret it. Understand?
