A Friend for This Lonely Spirit! - P2
miia: Well, weather's back to normal. Samuidoh should be too!
Amy: I can't thank you enough, friends. Please allow us to show you our gratitude after the first harvest.
kazuma_winter: I'm sure everyone thinks this is a classic happy ending, 
kazuma_winter: but I died, remember? Died as in dead. 
aqua_winter: You only died once, what's the big deal? I bring you back with Resurrection all the time!
kazuma_winter: Don't make light of my sacrifice! Dying really hurts, okay? 
kazuma_winter: That cold snow. Tons of weight. Mushing my soft, squishy body!
darkness_winter: That was a tough break, getting swallowed up in an avalanche. It's a miracle we found you.
megumin_winter: Be thankful Squall was here to track your scent.
squall: I require no thanks. On the contrary, on behalf of Samuidoh, thank you for your noble sacrifice, Kazuma.
mel: You won't be getting any thanks from me, no sirree! 
mel: I mean, how could you do that to my friends?!
Amy: Excuse me, girl who just wandered into our party. I simply must ask... Who are you?
mel: I told you. My name's Mel! What more can I say?
kazuma_winter: You could mention that you're a lightning spirit.
mel: Oh, right. That. 
mel: I am indeed an avatar of lightning! Though until very recently, I was sealed away. Someone freed me, though I have no idea who. 
kazuma_winter: Well... Technically, it was us. 
kazuma_winter: Truly, fate has no mercy. Okay, Eris, you win. We'll look after the kid.
kazuma_winter: Mel, there's so much I want to ask you. How about we have a sit-down back at the village?
mel: C-Could it be? 
mel: Are you asking me hang out with you guys?
kazuma_winter: Uh, no? I got questions. Questions that need—
mel: Sounds fun! Ooh, can we chat over tea? 
mel: I've always wanted to do that!
megumin_winter: It's just tea. Nothing to really write home about. 
megumin_winter: Boy does she remind me of a certain someone.
squall: Hmph...
kazuma_winter: Squall? Something wrong?
squall: No. It's merely been ages since I've beheld a higher spirit. I couldn't help but stare.
kazuma_winter: Oh?
mel: I hereby grant you permission to escort me to Samuidoh! 
mel: Well? Let's get a move on!
ナレーション: Upon returning to Samuidoh, the party assembled in the mayor's cabin, gathering around the table...
squall: Tea is served. Care for milk?
mel: Excuse me? I'm no child! ...But I would like milk.
kazuma: Again with the contradictions! 
kazuma: She's a real piece of work!
megumin_lightcloth: Now, now. We've got our tea. Let's have a nice chat with our new friend, hm?
darkness: Samuidoh was battered by the snowstorm caused by the overgrown blizzard population. Were you resurrecting them?
mel: I sure was, thanks to this here Spirit Serum!
ナレーション: Mel produced a small potion bottle, its contents mostly depleted.
squall: Such rampant, wasteful use of a rare and powerful potion... 
squall: There's hardly any left. I hope you don't regret it.
mel: None at all. This bottle's been in my possession ever since I came into being. I've no clue where it came from.
kazuma: Why bring those ornery ice lizards back to life anyway?
mel: Why, you ask? Well... 
mel: I wanted friends, I guess.
mel: When I came to, I was all alone. All those I used to know... They were gone. It was unbearable.
mel: That's why I resurrected those monsters. I only wanted to make some new friends.
aqua: I get that, but why lizards? I mean, they're not very cute. Not even a little. You can do better than that.
mel: You'd think, but the first batch of friends I made were... 
mel: Let's just say they were much, much worse.
mel: Compared to that, I thought lizards would be kind of nice. I didn't really have a lot to work with, you know?
darkness: If I may ask, who sealed you away in the first place? And for what reason?
mel: I'd like to know myself. I fell into a trap and it was all over. Never saw who was behind it.
squall: It's said that lightning spirits have a certain penchant for mischief. Might that have something to do with it?
kazuma: Excluding the times he's jolted awake, Squall is usually a gentle giant. I wonder why he's playing hardball today...
mel: I disagree! I may be partial to the occasional jape, but only to make friends!
aqua: Examples, please?
mel: Hitting that reflex nerve in the elbow for a few minutes straight. Surprise shock therapy. Summoning thunderstorms—
kazuma: We need to seal this girl back up. She's deadly.
megumin_lightcloth: But how did the seal come undone? And why now, of all times?
kazuma: Explosion magic, apparently. Ring any bells?
kazuma: She was buried in the depths of Mount Worm, so the explosion magic we used against Daniel likely freed her.
Aqua, Darkness: No way!
mel: Come again? This is too much for me to process at once. 
mel: So you're saying the ones who freed me were...
kazuma: Us. Or more specifically, 
kazuma: Ms. Splodey-Splode here.
squall: Hmm... Thrust back into the world with no one to turn to... It must have been frightening. 
squall: Kazuma, what do you say we take the girl under our wing for the time being?
mel: Really? Really, really?!
kazuma: Fair enough. It's the responsible course of action. 
kazuma: With most of the responsibility falling to you, Megumin.
megumin_lightcloth: It doesn't sound like I have much of a choice. So be it.
mel: I hereby bless this motley crew with the privilege to serve 
mel: at my beck and call. I humbly accept you.
kazuma: That was anything but humble... Well, I'm off to check on 
kazuma: the greenhouses and see how the crops are doing.
kazuma: I didn't expect Squall to propose we let her into the fold. 
kazuma: Let's just hope she behaves herself...
ナレーション: Charged with the custody of a lightning spirit, an undeniable unease lingered within Kazuma...
