A Friend for This Lonely Spirit! - P1
ナレーション: The magical heat wave spelled instant doom for the reptilian blizzards, sparking the ire of their mysterious patron...
aqua_winter: Sorry, you said your name was Mel?
mel: Yeah, call me "Mel." Short and sweet.
darkness_winter: Well then, Mel, we're in the midst of culling this blizzard horde. Stand back before you get—
mel: I don't recall giving you permission to call me by name!
kazuma_winter: Uh, what? You just did a second ago!
mel: Never mind that. I order you to leave these blizzards 
mel: alone! This instant!
miia: You can't be barkin' orders at us, not when we just met.
Amy: I like her spirit. Let children be children, I say.
megumin_winter: On that note, why is a child traipsing around the woods?
mel: That's no concern of yours! Now halt your attack on these poor, defenseless creatures!
kazuma_winter: Batter up! 
Blizzard: Grrraaaaaargh!
mel: Hey, put that thing away! Haven't you heard a single word 
mel: I've said, you villains?! Have you no hearts?!
kazuma_winter: These blizzards are kicking up an endless snowstorm that's killing the livelihood of an entire village!
kazuma_winter: What I do, I do to save others. 
kazuma_winter: Eat heat!
mel: No! Not my friends! Noooooo! 
mel: This is murder! 
mel: Murder, plain and simple!
megumin_winter: Er, Kazuma? She seems have her reasons... Are you sure we should be ignoring her?
kazuma_winter: Goodbye cold wave! Goodbye penalty! Helloooooo money!
aqua_winter: I wouldn't waste your breath, Megumin. The poor idiot's 
aqua_winter: completely lost his mind.
Blizzard: Fwaaaaaarrr...
darkness_winter: Amazing. An entire blizzard horde, reduced to total slush 
darkness_winter: in a matter of seconds.
squall: Kazuma, that's quite enough. Conjure any more heat and—
kazuma_winter: And one more for— 
kazuma_winter: Hm? Do you hear rumbling? An earthquake? 
miia: A-A-A-AVALANCHE!!!
Amy: On your feet, everyone! We need to leave!
megumin_winter: Kazuma, you power-drunk bonehead! You conjured too much heat!
kazuma_winter: Hey, I was having some fun, so sue me! The instantly melting snow 
kazuma_winter: was mesmerizing! Plus, I've been stressed and— 
kazuma_winter: GA-HOARGHMFF!!!
kazuma_winter: 　
Aqua, Megumin, Darkness: KAZUMA!!!
kazuma_jersey: Yeah, me again, sorry. I got avalanched. Freak accident.
eris: An accident? And not your own carelessness? Magic items aren't toys, you know.
kazuma_jersey: Yes, ma'am. ...I'll admit I got a tad carried away.
eris: I also see you've been in the company of a lightning spirit. Quite the situation indeed.
kazuma_jersey: Lightning spirit? You mean Mel? Interesting... 
kazuma_jersey: That girl's a spirit, eh?
eris: Like the Winter Shogun, she manifested through the imagination of an adventurer from your world.
eris: I believe his thought process was... "A wielder of lightning would have to be a fierce and tempestuous girl."
kazuma_jersey: Hmm, you don't say...
kazuma_jersey:  ...Geez, this again?!
eris: Mel used an enchanted serum to revive countless droves of expiring blizzards.
eris: Due to a predilection for mischief, she was sealed away... 
eris: That is, until she was freed quite recently.
kazuma_jersey: Sealed away?
eris: Yes, on Mount Worm, deep within a layer of ice. A strong, let's call it, "shock," managed to set her free...
kazuma_jersey: Mount Worm as in... 
kazuma_jersey: That Mount Worm? Where we found 
kazuma_jersey: the Járngreipr before?!
kazuma_jersey: Wait a sec... A strong shock, you say? So it's possible 
kazuma_jersey: that she was set free by...
Muskmelon: Melo-melooon...
kazuma_winter: It's getting weaker. 
kazuma_winter: Show it what you got, Megumin!
megumin_winter: EXPLOSION!!!
kazuma_jersey: Don't tell me that explosion freed her!
eris: Sorry to be the bearer of bad news. Also, Mel has only reassumed her corporeal form for a short time—she's likely not very stable.
eris: Seeing as you're the one who freed her, I think it's only 
eris: right that you take responsibility and keep an eye on her.
kazuma_jersey: Ugh. I really screwed this one up!
ナレーション: Meanwhile, Aqua and the others were sifting through the snow for Kazuma's frosty corpse...
megumin_winter: Kazumaaa! Holler if you're down there!
Amy: I doubt he's in any state to holler...
mel: If it turns out he's dead, I can resurrect him with this serum, okay?
aqua_winter: Absolutely not! Bringing that lunk back to life is a task for an arch priest—me! Don't be stealing my job!
miia: How about ya all stop gawkin' and start diggin'?
mel: You dare order me around? 
mel: That's a mighty big attitude for someone so small!
miia: Hey, look who's talkin'!
mel: E-E-Excuse me?!
squall: Everyone—over here! I've found the poor lad at last! 
squall: He's in there deep, but I'll get him out!
darkness_winter: He located Kazuma by scent. Beastmen never cease to amaze.
megumin_winter: Eesh. 
megumin_winter: His legs are bent at really bad angles. 
megumin_winter: Aqua, we need you on revival duty, right away!
ナレーション: Aqua's resurrection spell had the fallen adventurer standing once more—and pondering about the truths revealed by Eris...
