A Friend for This Lonely Spirit! - P4
miia: Ka-zu-ma!
kazuma: Hey, Mia... Amy's with you too, eh?
Amy: My, you look like you haven't slept a wink...
megumin: Yeah, no thanks to Mel. She's a relentless prankster. 
megumin: Can you believe it? She hot-sauced my eyepatch.
mel: I'll admit, that was a bit much. 
mel: But you guys agreed to look after me, right? So do it right!
kazuma: You condescending—
squall: Sorry to change the subject, but how's Samuidoh of late?
Amy: The village is producing crops again, thanks to you. Everyone's busier than ever.
darkness: That's wonderful news. With the cold wave gone, it's back to business as usual.
Amy: Thank you as well, Kazuma. With the extra hands you hired, the modified produce is growing at an astonishing pace.
kazuma: These crops can be grown by non-beastmen after all. Greenhouse farming might just hit it big!
miia: Here's some asparagus we grew. It's from our first harvest. 
miia: Please, consider it a token of our appreciation!
aqua: You're so sweet, coming all this way just to say thanks.
mel: Ahem! Less gossiping and more going! We gotta pick up the pace! 
mel: I intend to make the most of my first quest!
Amy: Oh, questing today? I admire your commitment.
mel: As you should. Fancy accompanying us? I'd be more than happy to permit your presence.
Amy: I'm terribly sorry, but we simply came to relay our thanks. We're due back in Samuidoh to help with the harvest.
mel: Oh, uh... 
mel: L-Like I said, I'd be delighted to allow it, so...
miia: You hard o' hearin'? Amy just said they need us back home! We got veggies to grow.
mel: I just thought it'd be fun to go on a quest together...
darkness: Well she's clearly dejected.
aqua: I guess she's the kind that needs company. 
aqua: To the point of resurrecting killer lizards, in the case of the blizzards.
kazuma: It's coming together. Could the motivation for her extreme pranks be...that she's lonely?
megumin: Friends this, friends that. She reminds me of Yunyun.
Amy: Sorry to disappoint. We can go together next time, okay?
mel: Y-You promise? I'll hold you to it!
squall: Hm...
kazuma: Why the long face, Squall? Something about this quest bothering you?
squall: I'll admit—a little, yes.
questStart: Kill Quest:
Defeat the Blood Fangs!,
Defeat the Blood Fangs!
megumin: *Pant pant* What gives? 
megumin: Monsters are crawling out of the woodwork...
darkness: Kobolds, white wolves, murder bears... And yet only 
darkness: Blood Fangs are the target for this quest.
kazuma: They're all beast-type monsters...
kazuma: Wait, can it be...?! 
squall: It can...and unfortunately, it is. They're being drawn to me.
kazuma: So that's why you were reluctant to join us! A little advance warning would've been nice!
squall: As a new member, I didn't want to overstep any boundaries...
kazuma: And now we'll have monsters chewing on our corpses!
mel: Boys, boys, let's stay civil. It's our first time questing 
mel: together, after all! I say we savor the challenge!
mel: As for the monsters... They're a piece of cake!
ナレーション: With a mere 
ナレーション: wave of the finger, 
ナレーション: Mel sent a crackling blast of electricity roiling through the fanged horde.
darkness: Mel's abilities are something special, to be sure.
kazuma: They sure are. With her around, we can power through these kill quests! 
kazuma: Hehehe...
aqua: Kazuma's got that sly smirk on his face again... It's always a precursor to tragedy.
megumin: Uh, Mel? What're you doing? ...She's running up to the fallen monsters for some reason.
mel: With one drop of my potion, even the coldest corpses spring back to life!
squall: Are you daft?! 
squall: Why revive monsters we just defeated?
mel: Isn't it obvious? What gift is greater than life? They'll be so thankful, they'll become my friends!
darkness: What's that? 
megumin: This girl has issues. Big time.
aqua: Or maybe spirits are just, like, weird?
kazuma: You think that resurrecting monsters will make them feel 
kazuma: indebted to you? That they'll be your friends? Oh, brother.
kazuma: True friendship isn't based on obligation! Even I can tell you that much.
mel: It...isn't...?
aqua: Oh, even a shut-in NEET can say something inspiring every once in a while. I'm truly moved. 
aqua: Pft! *Snicker*
kazuma: Shut your divine trap! I'm neither a NEET nor a shut-in!
Blood Fang: Grrraaawwwrrrngh!!!
squall: That roar... That scent...
squall: The Blood Fang pack is close by.
darkness: With Squall here, they were bound to pounce sooner or later. 
darkness: But I say we pounce first. Kazuma, let's move!
kazuma: Agreed. We have the muscle. It's time to use it. 
kazuma: C'mon, everyone! 
mel: I thought that in order to become friends with someone, they have to be in your debt.
mel: Bringing them back to life would guarantee that they owe me. Am I wrong?
megumin: Mel, it's time to hustle! Hey, you listening?
mel: Y-Yeah, I hear you. Let's get a move on!
ナレーション: Kazuma and crew continued into the Blood Fangs' territory, leaving many singed monsters strewn in their wake.
