A Friend for This Lonely Spirit! - P5
ナレーション: While fending off the fearsome beasts attracted to Squall, our heroes drew ever closer to the Blood Fangs' territory...
kazuma: Ugh, make it stop... 
aqua: You can say that again. We've got monsters pouring in from every which way. I'm beyond tired.
squall: To think my presence would complicate things to this extent. A thousand apologies, dear friends.
kazuma: Aqua's a lightning rod for the undead, so we're used to being swarmed by monsters. 
kazuma: We're tired for another reason.
mel: Darkness, be a pal and raise your sword up high, will you?
darkness: Like this?
mel: Yes, just like that... 
mel: Zippity zap!
darkness: Bwaaa
darkness: aaarrrgh! 
darkness: B-Body...frying...!
mel: Your blade is hereby enchanted. Hey, your swings might actually hit your targets now!
megumin: You're hitting more than her blade! Stop the lightning before you stop her heart too!
darkness: Oh, it's quite all right, Megumin. I don't mind these unexpected jolts. In fact, I rather like them... 
darkness: They're shockingly energizing!
megumin: I'm trying to educate the girl, Darkness. Please be silent.
kazuma: I really, really, really don't want to be this girl's keeper anymore. 
aqua: You can't win with spirits—not even ones you set free.
mel: Now that you mention it, I have yet to thank you for releasing me from my imprisonment, Megumin.
megumin: Hey, it was nothing. I don't require any thanks. Though, if 
megumin: you really want to thank me, maybe cut out the pranks?
mel: Yeah, that's not happening. Oh, I know! How's this for 
mel: a token of my appreciation?
mel: I can see the shock on your face already!
megumin: Hey! 
megumin: Are you crazy? You could've burnt me to a blackened crisp!
mel: The only way I can truly help you is to revive you from death. 
mel: Naturally, you have to die first. 
mel: You'll be overcome with gratitude. And then you'll be my dear friend, for ever and ever... 
mel: and ever!
darkness: She's lost it.
mel: If I off Megumin and bring her back, I'll have shown my gratitude in the best way possible—and have gained a friend!
megumin: S-So that lightning bolt you dropped...was for real?!
squall: Stop, Mel! Such acts will never be perceived as gratitude!
aqua: Listen to Squall! Putting Megumin through that is the last thing a friend would do!
mel: Lies! I command you to die—and become my friends! 
kazuma: Enough already! Pipe down, all of you!
Aqua, Megumin, Darkness: Kazuma...?
kazuma: You, Mel! Apologize to everyone this instant!
mel: B-But why do I have to apologize? 
kazuma: Why, you ask? Your antics have been straining the limits 
kazuma: of our sanity, and you know it! Don't you?
mel: M-Maybe...?
kazuma: Then you'd best apologize. Those who can't say sorry can never be a true friend to anyone.
mel: But I didn't... 
mel: Do anything wrong! 
mel: □△$$〇×△!!
megumin: Yikes! Now she's mad at us! Quit with the lightning already!
kazuma: Aqua, did you catch what she said at the end?
aqua: "Shut up and be my friends!" I think... She's so mad, she's speaking in the language of elementals.
darkness: Mel, you misunderstand. It's not that we don't want to be 
darkness: your friends! Call off the lightning and let's talk—
darkness: Bwaaa
darkness: aaarghhh?!
mel: 〇△□$$〇×△!!
squall: It's no use. She's gone berserk. 
kazuma: Tell me about it. 
kazuma: Her lightning's stronger than ever. A few direct hits will reduce us to smoking mulch.
Blood Fang: Graaarrrrrrrrr!
aqua: K-Kazuma, monsters on our tail!
kazuma: Blood Fangs? Their timing couldn't be worse!
darkness: We're going to have our hands full!
mel: 〇△□$$〇×△!!
Blood Fang: Grawrrr!
megumin: Any ideas, Kazuma?
kazuma: We smash the lot of 'em! What else? And Squall, I better see you helping! Taking care of this headcase was your idea!
squall: Of that I am very much aware.
