A Shop for Samuidoh's Crops! - P4
Mia, Amy: A warm and fuzzy welcome to you, sir!
Amy_maid: How many are in your party?
Adventurer A: J-Just me today. One scruffy adventurer...
miia_maid: Party of one it is! Lemme show you to your table!
aqua_kemo: Meow're you doing today? We're furry happy to have you! Here, your menu. 
aqua_kemo: The bacon-wrapped asparagus is paw-sitively mouthwatering!
darkness_kemo: S-Samuidoh asparagus is rich in minerals, has anti-aging effects, and is so tasty...it beagles the mind. Woof.
megumin_kemo: To pass it up would be 
megumin_kemo: a claw-ful mistake! Grrrrrr!
Adventurer A: Look at the ears on these beastly beauties! This is waking something within me... Something...primal! Lay that asparagus on me!
Adventurer B: Hey, I'll have the same over here!
Adventurer C: Me too! I'll take ten! A hundred, even!
kazuma: This is amazing. Why didn't we do this from the get-go?
kazuma: As Melissa so clearly demonstrates, beastman ears have 
kazuma: an undeniable appeal. We can capitalize on this with Mia and Amy.
kazuma: Those of us without beastman ears can wear 'em. And make sure to act the role, too. Be creative!
aqua: You expect us to do that without any practice first? You've gotta be kitten me!
megumin: Anything's paw-sible if we put our minds to it, Aqua. 
megumin: They'll be going mutts for my wolf impression! Rawrrr!
darkness: Y-You two are oddly into this. Aren't you the least bit 
darkness: embarrassed? I mean, what if your act falls flat?
kazuma: Trust me. Where I'm from, people went bananas for this sort of thing.
miia_maid: Thanks for comin'! 
miia_maid: Hope to see ya again soon!
Adventurer A: Awooo! I'll be bark—you can bet on it!
aqua_kemo: This thing has really taken on a life of its own. And is it just me, or are our regulars somewhat...peculiar?
squall: Though our ears are nothing special to beastmen, to humans, they seem quite precious.
mel: Oh... 
mel: Kazuma, where're my ears? I want to wait tables too!
kazuma: Nuh uh. You're staying in the kitchen. I will tolerate no prankery in the hall.
mel: Oh fine. Have it your way. 
mel: And here's that order of carrot juice you were waiting on.
kazuma: Good. Now, all I need you to do 
kazuma: is stay outta sight and make orders— Wait just a second!
kazuma: ...What is this? It's awfully red for carrot juice. And it smells of spices... Spicy, even.
mel: It's just juiced carrots. Carrot juice.
kazuma: You're clearly averting your gaze!
squall: I can't take my eyes off the child for an instant. No doubt she spiked the juice with some fiery condiment.
kazuma: Say, Mel. Take a drink of this juice.
mel: M-Me? Whatever for?!
kazuma: So 
kazuma: that you learn the pain of your unsuspecting targets. Pranksters must always 
kazuma: consider how their victims feel!
mel: *Gasp* I-I never thought of it that way.
kazuma: The spicy pain of failure will temper your soul. Make you stronger. Make you a better prankster. Now my disciple...drink!
mel: As you command, sensei! 
mel: ... 
mel: *Glug* Gaaaaaargh! 
mel: Oh, the pain! The terrible, terrible pain! 
mel: Hrrk!
squall: A literal taste of your own medicine. My apologies, Kazuma. I should have been more vigilant.
kazuma: No sweat. If not for you, she would've acted up much sooner. I'm just glad she didn't prank any customers.
kazuma: Listen up and listen well, Mel. Not another prank until you understand the true meaning of the word—got it?
mel: O-Oh, f-fine— 
mel: Huh?! ...BLAAAAAARGH! 
mel: 〇×△〇×△...
mel: be so kind as to rub my back?
kazuma: Business is good... No—it's great!
kazuma: Since we started using ears, the cafe's been packed to the seams! It's great PR for our produce, too!
megumin_kemo: We've got orders from the capital. Elroad too. These veggies 
megumin_kemo: are the kingdom's most paw-pular product! 
megumin_kemo: Rawrrr!
kazuma: Say, I'm pretty sure that's not what a wolf sounds like...
dust: Hey, Kazuma! Thought I'd drop in. I like the food at this place—but I love the girls and their ears!
lean: The ears are a bonus, mind you.
lean: The vegetable dishes take center stage. And boy do I adore my veggies! 
Amy_maid: Hehe... The folks back home would love you.
miia_maid: Wanna buy some veggies to take home? Then I can 
miia_maid: buy somethin' better—a heapin' pile o' juicy steak!
mitsurugi: A strange thing to hear from someone in the produce 
mitsurugi: business. But, children always speak their minds.
aqua_kemo: Hiya. You're a new face!
mitsurugi: Lady Aqua! 
mitsurugi: My heart's pounding just seeing those ears... 
mitsurugi: Being able to see you like this... What a wonderful place!
kazuma: This place is popular with adventurers. It's great advertising for us if they spread the word about our veggies.
aqua_kemo: Would you like to order? Everything on our menu 
aqua_kemo: is culinary purr-fection. I'm not kitten around!
mitsurugi: Anything? 
mitsurugi: Very well, Lady Aqua! I'll take one of everything on the menu!
aqua_kemo: Coming right up, meow!
mitsurugi: *Sigh* I'm so glad I came to this shop!
miia_maid: Hey, we got a big order! Make everything on the menu from top to bottom!
mel: I want to prank, I want to prank, I want to prank...
miia_maid: Hm? Whatcha mumblin' about?
mel: Huh? 
mel: S-Sorry, just fighting an urge...
mel: My sensei told me I can't play pranks until I understand their true meaning, but that makes me want to prank people more...
miia_maid: I don't get it, but is it like not eatin' meat for a long time? 
miia_maid: 'Cause that would be terrible. I think I know how ya feel.
mel: Well, it's something like that. Anyway, cooking vegetables is super boring... 
miia_maid: Regular veggies are boring...
miia_maid: Hey, how 'bout cookin' up some super special veggies then? I snuck 'em in!
mel: Say, that actually sounds like fun. I'm bored beyond belief. 
mel: Okay, Mia! You piqued my interest! Show me. We'll cook up this special stock together!
ナレーション: After making Mitsurugi's massive orders, Mia and Mel got to work preparing the so-called "special" vegetables...
