A Shop for Samuidoh's Crops! - P1
mel: Wh-Who are you two...?
ナレーション: Daniel and Charlie, the supposedly deceased adversaries of Kazuma and the gang, had appeared in Mel's new home.
daniel: It's been far too long, my dear Mel. Remember me? My name is Daniel.
mel: How do you know my name? I've never met either of you.
charlie: H-How could you forget?! 
charlie: It's me—Charlie!
daniel: Aha. This indeed would be our first encounter, technically 
daniel: speaking. In these frail human forms, anyway. Haaaaaagh!
daniel_troll: Now do you remember? Do you remember the day you infused our cold, lifeless bodies with the gift of blessed life?
mel: Whew. Dragging these two out of the morgue was no easy task. 
mel: This friendship thing takes work.
mel: I'll resurrect you both with this special Spirit Serum! 
mel: Now, open your eyes!
daniel_troll: Ungh... 
daniel_troll: Huh? I'm... 
charlie_troll: L-Lord Daniel! Is this heaven? O-Or perhaps some kind of hell?
mel: Haha! Looks like the Spirit Serum actually worked! 
mel: Now that you're resurrected, I want you to be my friends!
daniel_troll: Wh-Who are you?
mel: I am the lightning spirit, Mel! Now, thank me for bringing you back to life by being my friends, 
mel: okay?
mel: *Sigh*
charlie_troll: Offering my friendship is the least I can do after receiving the priceless gift of life.
mel: Actually, that's quite all right. You two are, to put it delicately—ugly. Uglier than a monkey's armpit.
Daniel, Charlie: Us? Ugly?!
charlie: The mere memory makes me shudder. Even if we may not be the definition of dashing, 
charlie: there's no need to say it!
daniel: Charlie, calm yourself. We owe her an eternal debt. It's not our place to protest her aesthetic sensibilities.
daniel: If I may change the subject, you are still looking for friends, yes? I have a simple and effective solution.
mel: Oh? Fine, let's hear it.
daniel: Make the world yours: utterly and entirely. Then anyone and everyone will be your friend. I can help make it happen.
daniel: In return, I simply wish for your help cultivating a relationship with a certain dancer. There may be casualties, but I assure you—
mel: I promised Kazuma and my new friends that I would never kill again.
charlie: ...Ka...zuma? 
charlie: That insufferable adventurer?!
daniel: Detach yourself from that loathsome parasite. Time and again 
daniel: he plunged us into peril with his underhanded tactics!
mel: At least they aren't as ugly as a mud fence. Plus, I don't even want to take over the world.
mel: Right now, I desire two things and nothing more: friends... 
mel: And enough coin to cover my living expenses. 
charlie: Living expenses, eh? There's a topic that brings reality crashing down. How about working part-time?
mel: Working? Part-time? 
mel: Explain.
charlie: Waiting tables, manual labor... 
charlie: Menial work for an hourly wage.
mel: Where there's work, there are people. 
mel: And where there are 
mel: people, there are friends to be made!
mel: I'll do it! I'll work part-time! Where's Squall? 
mel: I need his advice!
daniel: Mel?! ...She's gone. Such power at her disposal, and yet she's content 
daniel: to waste it on petty wages? What profligacy.
charlie: Agreed. This opportunity is simply too good to pass up. 
charlie: Surely there's some way we can trick her into siding with us!
daniel: We will find it. Then vengeance upon Kazuma Satou will be ours! 
daniel: And my one true love, Lia, will be mine again!
charlie: The man sure is committed, I'll give him that much. 
charlie: Wait... Again? She was never yours to begin with!
aqua_winter: No blizzards, no cold wave... Those greenhouse crops will be shooting out of the ground in no time flat.
miia: Yep, yep! The villagers are happy. The corn's happy. 
miia: Heck, I'm happy too!
Amy: Kazuma, the produce is all packed. These boxes go straight to the royal capital. Thanks for your help.
Cabbage: Cabba-cabba-cabba...
Corn: Corn, cuh-corn...
kazuma_winter: The shipment...is speaking. And the boxes are shaking too. 
kazuma_winter: I'll never get used to this world...
darkness_winter: Well, everything's packed away. Now there's the matter of 
darkness_winter: shipping. Paperwork, too... Wow, this is pretty hard.
megumin_winter: You can say that again. We're supposed to go questing once 
megumin_winter: this is over. But at this rate, we'll never start!
kazuma_winter: What do you expect? We're shorthanded. If only we had more staff...
mel: Heh. In need of help, are we?
aqua_winter: Oh. Hiya, Mel. That paper in your hand—could it be?
mel: Your Help Wanted ad? It most certainly is! Says you're in need of packing staff. 
mel: Luckily for you, I'm here to help!
kazuma_winter: Nah, we're good.
mel: Wha...? But you just said you need more hired hands. 
mel: Don't be shy. I'm more than happy to offer my assis—
kazuma_winter: We're fine. Really. We need workers, not pranksters.
mel: Okay, okay. I may or may not have been planning to pull the occasional prank.
kazuma_winter: "May not"? Just say you were, for crying out loud! 
megumin_winter: What brings you to Samuidoh anyway?
mel: I told Squall I'm interested in working part time. He said you're hiring and handed me this ad you put out.
mel: Please hire me! I really need this job. I promise to keep the pranks to a bare minimum. Honest!
kazuma_winter: Hmm...
darkness_winter: You're making a mountain out of a molehill. So long as you're there to keep watch, how many pranks can she pull?
megumin_winter: Yeah. Rather than risk something happening in your absence, stick close by—so nothing happens at all.
kazuma_winter: Huh. Never thought of it that way. 
kazuma_winter: Okay, fine. You're hired. But you're starting off at five hundred Eris an hour.
mel: No problem!
miia: Startin' tomorrow, Mel's working alongside us, eh? 
miia: Oh, I can't wait!
Amy: Hehe, look, Mia's glowing with joy. I'd love it if you 
Amy: played with Mia, Mel.
mel: W-Well since you asked so nicely, how can I refuse? 
mel: Play with her I shall!
kazuma_winter: You can play...but make sure the job gets done, okay?
mel: You can count on me!
kazuma_winter: So you say... If Mel goes berserk again, there's no way I can handle her alone. 
kazuma_winter: I should ask Squall for help watching her.
ナレーション: So began Mel's first foray into the workforce...
