A Shop for Samuidoh's Crops! - P5
ナレーション: At the prospering and understaffed Samuidoh cafe, an unexpected person appeared looking for work...
komekko: Hiya! Welcome to our cafe!
Female Customer: H-Hello there. You're a cute little waitress. Are you helping out here?
komekko: I'm Komekko! The greatest little sister of the Crimson Demons! One day, I'll be in charge of this shop!
darkness_kemo: My apologies... She's not used to serving customers yet... 
darkness_kemo: Go on, take the customer's order.
komekko: I'm ready to take your order!
Boy: I want to have the kid's meal, please! The one with the flag in the rice!
Female Customer: I'll have the veggie stir-fry. This place is known for its vegetable dishes, right?
komekko: Yep, sweet and tasty vegetables are our specialty! 
komekko: Carrots, onions, eggplants... *Drool*
Amy_maid: Oh my. Komekko, it's good you're taking down her order, but you're drooling on your notepad.
Amy_maid: Here, wipe your drool. Now, write her order on new paper.
komekko: Kazuma, feed me something too.
kazuma: You can eat all you want later. For now, you need to work.
ナレーション: A few hours earlier...
komekko: Sis, where have you been?
megumin_kemo: Well this is a surprise. Arue often stops here, but usually without you, Komekko.
arue: Komekko wanted to see you. She wrote you a letter, remember? 
arue: "Thy pair shall visit the starting town as the moon waxes."
kazuma: ...So that's what that meant. 
kazuma: Man, those Crimson Demons...
arue: Moreover, Megumin... What are those ears for?
megumin_kemo: Oh, these? I've simply decided to reveal the beast that has always been within me! 
megumin_kemo: Grrrrrr!
komekko: Sis, you're so cool!
megumin_kemo: Think of my howl when you gaze upon the moon! 
megumin_kemo: Grrrrrrrrr!
kazuma: Yup, the Crimson Demon Clan sure is...special.
komekko: Um, I'm kinda hungry. 
komekko: Sis, can I have some food?
megumin_kemo: It's simple, but this dish made with Samuidoh's veggies is—
komekko: *Chomp chomp chomp*
arue: She's not even listening. She must have been starving.
kazuma: She looks like a beast wolfing down her food like that, even without the ears...
kazuma: That's it!
komekko: Yummy... I wanna eat more of these veggies!
kazuma: So you want to eat more, huh? Well, if you help me out, you can have as much as you like. Sound good?
megumin_kemo: ...Kazuma, what are you trying to get my sister to do, exactly?
kazuma: It's nothing... I just thought she could help her sister by working at our cafe...
kazuma: She'd be a big help here.
kazuma: Plus people seeing a kid happily eating vegetables is good for business, since a lot of kids don't like veggies.
arue: I see... Komekko helping out at the cafe can help promote the business.
kazuma: If you help us, you can eat as much as you want. Will you do it?
komekko: If I get food, sure.
Old Woman: Oh, what a good little helper you are.
komekko: I'm not good! I'm just working so I can eat!
Old Man: Th-They're making you work for food at such a young age?! Please, sit down and eat with me.
komekko: Can I?! It's a real treat to eat something besides roasted cicada!
Old Woman: Y-You shouldn't have to eat such things! Excuse me, please get this girl whatever she wants!
komekko: Grownups sure are pushovers.
kazuma: It's a bit underhanded, but after getting Komekko's help we've had way more elderly customers. 
kazuma: All right, Komekko. Since you're such a hard worker, I'll get you plenty of delicious food later.
komekko: Really? I sure do like this place. I think I'll come here 
komekko: and help more often.
megumin_kemo: Y-You will?!
kazuma: That's a good thing, right? 
megumin_kemo: Well, I guess so... But if you want her to help out, 
megumin_kemo: be sure to tell me or Arue first, okay?
kazuma: Yeah, it's safer if someone brings her here. I'll be sure to give her another free meal the next time she stops by.
？？？: Eeeeeeeeek!
kazuma: What's going on?!
mel: This thing just went wild all of a sudden!
Giant Corn: Corn! Corn! Giant cooorn!
kazuma: Mia! Mel! What's going on out here?! 
kazuma: What is that huge thing?! 
miia_maid: It was like this when I opened the box. It's super lively... 
miia_maid: But that's what makes them worth eatin'!
kazuma: You want to serve this thing at a cafe?!
Amy_maid: Mia, this...is a giant corn! I'm impressed you managed 
Amy_maid: to contain one this large!
mel: Rampaging around like this...
mel: It's not fair! I want to play pranks on everyone too!
Giant Corn: GIAAANT COOOOOORN!!!
miia_maid: Aaa
miia_maid: aaaaah!!!
mel: Mia! 
mel: I'm through letting this vegetable cause such a ruckus!
komekko: Giant corn... Grilled giant corn... Giant popcorn... *Drool*
komekko: Come forth, Giga-Goblin! 
komekko: Cook this thing for me!
？？？: Don't summon me on a whim! And that isn't my name!
megumin_kemo: Komekko, what is that thing?
komekko: Stuff happened and now we're pals. Hoost is my friend.
Hoost: I'd rather not talk about it...but that's the gist.
kazuma: That thing's a demon, right? Whatever! We can talk about it after we take out this monster!
Giant Corn: GIANT COOOOOORN!!!
komekko: *Drool* I'm gonna eat you!
