A Shop for Samuidoh's Crops! - P6
ナレーション: The battle against Mia's giant corn was far fiercer than expected...
Giant Corn: GIAAANT COOOOOORN!!!
miia_maid: Ugh... 
miia_maid: It's super strong...
Amy_maid: M-Mia?! 
Amy_maid: Wake up, Mia!
mel: H-How... 
mel: How could you do that to my friends?!
mel: I won't let you... 
mel: get away with this! 
mel: 〇×△□□!!!
darkness_kemo: Something's wrong!
megumin_kemo: Kazuma! Look at Mel's head!
kazuma: She's got horns now?! What does that mean? What's going on here? 
kazuma: Hey, answer me, Mel!
mel: I can't play any pranks... My friends are hurt... 
mel: I haven't been this angry in ages!
squall: Oh no! Everyone, duck!
mel: Vanish from my sight! 
mel: Lightning Bolt!!!
Giant Corn: Coooooorn...
darkness: Since the town was damaged by the blast, all our profits went to covering the repair costs...
squall: Thanks to the giant corn, our establishment's reputation has plummeted. Getting back our lost customers 
squall: will take a lot of work...
kazuma: This is unbelievable! 
kazuma: Except not really, I'm used to it by now. It happens to me every time.
aqua: Kazuma's sulking even more than usual...
megumin: I'm more concerned about Komekko... I fear that she's been tricked by that demon.
kazuma: I think she might have tricked him... Besides, 
kazuma: you lot are the real demons—constantly ruining my plans.
aqua: Huh?! 
aqua: Don't lump us in with some lowly demon!
miia: Stop fightin'! I'm sorry, this is all my fault. When I saw 
miia: that giant corn, I thought it'd make ya happy...
Amy: You didn't mean any harm, Mia, so don't worry about it. 
Amy: I'm just glad nobody was hurt.
mel: I can't believe the customers would leave over this. Can't the people in this town take a joke?
kazuma: This wasn't just a joke. 
kazuma: Couldn't you have held back a bit?
mel: When my horns are out like that, I can't control it. That's just how lightning spirits are.
aqua: That was some impressive power. So in moments of intense emotion, the horns come out and you can't control your magic?
squall: It's quite a double-edged sword... It puts everyone in danger, friend and foe alike...
kazuma: Squall's right. Her power is almost unfathomable... Maybe the people who sealed her away were afraid of it?
mel: Everyone, I'm really sorry about what happened.
Amy: What a good girl, apologizing on your own like that, Mel.
aqua: Compared to when you wanted to kill and 
aqua: then revive us so we'd be your friends, you've really matured.
kazuma: Well, if she continues to grow and learns some common sense, maybe she can stick around. 
kazuma: I'd hate to seal her away again.
？？？: There he is! Kazuma, we've been looking for you!
kazuma: Oh, it's Axel Hearts. What are you all doing here?
cielo: We came to talk to you. We heard something concerning...
lia: We heard it from a fan. Apparently, they saw both Daniel and Charlie at our show.
darkness: Those trolls? Surely it was someone else? They're dead!
cielo: I'm afraid there's no mistake. Even in their human forms, those two are distinct.
megumin: Iris also warned us that their remains have disappeared as well... 
megumin: Perhaps someone resurrected them...
aqua: Hey, resurrection is much easier said than done. There aren't many people who have the skill...
mel: What are you all looking at? Is there something on my face?
kazuma: Let me just ask. Mel, do you know two trolls called Daniel and Charlie?
mel: Oh, of course! They were the first two I resurrected when I woke up.
Aqua, Megumin, Darkness: Oh...
mel: Hehe, it sure feels nice to do a good deed.
kazuma: I knew it was you!!!
daniel: Seeing Axel Hearts again after all this time was fantastic! My heart is singing... 
daniel: For the first time since my resurrection, I truly feel alive!
charlie: As do I, Lord Daniel! 
charlie: Cielo's dance moves have gotten even better while we were away! 
charlie: That's a superstar for you!
daniel: Don't be silly. I admit that Cielo has improved, but compared to my Lia, 
daniel: she still has lightyears to go!
charlie: I refuse to yield, even to you, Lord Daniel! It's obvious that Cielo is the greatest member of Axel Hearts!
daniel: No, Lia's the one who—
charlie: Huh? Lord Daniel, I think we're forgetting our mission here. Is this really the time to be arguing?
daniel: Mission? Oh yes, our revenge.
daniel: Yes, to carry out our vengeance, we need to manipulate that lightning spirit...
daniel: However, this is not the time to discuss that! 
daniel: Lia reigns supreme! That is a fact and I won't stomach dissent!
charlie: Cielo, Cielo, Cielo, Cielo, Cielo...
daniel: Lia, Lia, Lia, Lia, Lia...
ナレーション: Once they finally tired of their pointless debate, the vengeful trolls went back to work...
