A Shop for Samuidoh's Crops! - P2
ナレーション: The harvested crops packed away, Kazuma and crew, along with Mel and Squall, began preparations for shipping...
aqua_winter: Heave-ho... Heave-ho... Say, Darkness, 
aqua_winter: where's this box headed for?
darkness_winter: See the number on the box? That one's bound for the Crimson Demon Village.
megumin_winter: The village? Oh good. Let's attach a letter: "This 
megumin_winter: produce sprouted from the Devil King's infernal gardens."
kazuma_winter: Don't be ridiculous! 
miia: Yeeeeeek!
Corn: Corn, corn! Corn, cuh-corn!
Amy: Uh oh. It seems we have some produce on the run. We'd better rein it back in.
mel: Ehehehe! Thought I'd let the cramped fellows stretch their wings.
kazuma_winter: Mel! You undid the packaging? Get that loose corn back in the box right this inst—
kazuma_winter: GWARRK?!
kazuma_winter: 　
Corn: Corn, cuh-cooorn!
miia: Get back here, ya lil' rascals!
mel: Heh. Fresh produce running amok. Now there's a sight.
kazuma_winter: Mel, this your idea of a prank?
mel: Sorry. Did I surprise you?
kazuma_winter: ...
kazuma_winter: Actually, no. I anticipated this very moment.
mel: You did?
kazuma_winter: This was no prank. A real prank is a moving work of comedy, not a mean trick. 
kazuma_winter: Even the victims laugh at actual pranks!
mel: ...No one's laughing.
kazuma_winter: Exactly. And that, Mel, is exactly why this is no prank. 
kazuma_winter: So make 'em laugh. I know you got it in you.
mel: You're right. I've been so naive! I shall walk the path of the true prankster! Thank you, Kaz— 
mel: No... Thank you, sensei!
aqua_winter: You must admit, Kazuma has a surprising way with words. 
aqua_winter: Or maybe Mel's just too darn gullible. Was she born yesterday?
squall: She has no concept of deception. As for Kazuma, I must applaud his wit—few can control such a spirit.
kazuma_winter: If you wish to learn from me, there's just one condition: Work! Work like there's no tomorrow!
mel: Yes, O mighty prankmaster!
aqua: Come one, come all! Today, Wiz's magic item shop receives 
aqua: a very special addition: a farmer's market!
wiz: We have crates of Samuidoh's finest vegetables!
Townsman: I've never had veggies better than Samuidoh's! I'll take some corn, please! I think I'll roast it right on the cob!
miia: Nice thinkin', mister! They're extra-sweet when roasted!
Townswoman: And I could go for a salad. Tomatoes, please. Cabbage too.
Amy: Here you go. Thank you kindly.
darkness: Samuidoh produce is always a hit.
megumin: Yeah. It's selling like hotcakes!
mel: Maybe I could help with the selling? I've always wanted to 
mel: try being a merchant!
kazuma: Fine. Just don't sneak any fake centipedes in with the change.
mel: I-I would never!
kazuma: Oh? Then empty your pockets.
mel: Uh oh. 
squall: Centipedes, snakes, and spiders?! 
squall: Awooo!!!
megumin: Calm down, Squall! They're just toys! They're fake!
kazuma: Have you forgotten my teachings, young one? True pranks make everyone laugh. 
kazuma: I'm gonna have to confiscate these!
mel: Y-Yes, sensei. I understand...
kazuma: As for you, Squall. You're Mel's guardian. Please don't abandon your post.
squall: S-Sorry... But fake or not, I really hate 
squall: insects. Yeesh!
kazuma: A powerful spirit with an unruly appetite for pranks, and a 
kazuma: sagacious beastman who's scared of bugs... Why isn't anyone here normal?
miia: Thank ya kindly, miss! Our produce simply can't be beat! 
miia: Hope to see ya again soon!
Housewife: You can count on it! Why, I must've bought half your stock. However should I cook all these veggies?
Townswoman: With this much, you certainly have a lot of options. Picking one... Now that's the tough part.
kazuma: Hm... Having to think up and prepare dishes must be hard for the customers... Maybe we can help them with both.
kazuma: We need a place to sell produce on a larger scale, and turn it into ready-made cuisine too... 
kazuma: I should ask Vanir.
kazuma: Well? Is this cafe classy, or what?
squall: An eatery using our produce would certainly inspire people 
squall: for their own home cooking—and boost sales too.
megumin: But how'd you find this place, Kazuma?
kazuma: Vanir told me he knew the perfect place.
kazuma: Amy, Mia. What do you say to having your own cafe? Beats selling vegetables by the roadside, or at Wiz's.
Amy: The notion is intriguing, but running this place by ourselves would be nigh impossible, given the work involved.
miia: Yay! Our very own cafe! I'm gonna decorate it real nice!
Amy: Well, if Mia's on board, I guess so am I!
mel: If I wait tables, I can be become friends with the regulars. 
mel: Let's make this place a smash!
aqua: We need to think outside the box. Good food alone won't cut 
aqua: it these days. We need some kind of hook...
megumin: How about extreme branding? At the "Explosion Cafe," we'll 
megumin: have the walls painted crimson, a boisterous greeting—the works!
darkness: Why not copy the Arcanretians' treatment of Eris followers 
darkness: and slander our customers into oblivion? Now that's extreme!
kazuma: Hm... Attaching a concept isn't a bad idea. We can try a few 
kazuma: and see what works during our soft opening.
aqua: That sounds wonderful! And I happen to have an amazing idea! 
megumin: So do I!
darkness: Me too! Prepare to be amazed!
kazuma: I'm sure I will be... But not in a good way. These situations 
kazuma: do have a tendency to complicate themselves...
ナレーション: Amidst a furor of hustle and bustle, the crew lay the groundwork for the venue's soft opening...
