A Shop for Samuidoh's Crops! - P3
ナレーション: At last, it was time for the new eatery's soft opening, with a different store concept rolled out each day...
aqua: Welcome to Aqua's, the water goddess cafe, where the show is run by 
aqua: yours truly! I even came up with the whole menu!
darkness: A cream stew made with fresh Samuidoh vegetables—delectable.\n
darkness: The other dishes look enticing too.
megumin: I only hope that there are no repercussions due to the 
megumin: naming... Axis followers can be...troublesome.
cecily: You have my word there will be nothing of the sort!
kazuma: Hey, Cecily. Here to help out?
cecily: But of course! No job is too much when it's a personal 
cecily: request from the goddess herself!
aqua: Here come our first customers... 
aqua: Welcome!
Timid Customer A: I saw your special on the sign outside. Give me one order of your—
aqua: Our cream stew? It's full of nutrients: Freshly harvested carrots, broccoli, 
aqua: and even more premium ingredients!
Timid Customer B: Sounds delectable. Make that two orders, please! 
cecily: Dear patron, this establishment collects donations for the benevolent goddess Aqua. 
cecily: Please, express your devotion with an offering.
Timid Customer B: Lady Aqua? Sorry, but I follow the goddess Eris...
aqua: Here you are! Two orders of our specialty cream stew!
Timid Customer A: Oh, that looks...like a bowl of boiled vegetables...in hot water?
aqua: Oops, it looks like I purified the stew.
kazuma: A culinary masterpiece—ruined.
Timid Customer B: Wh-What kinda scam is this?!
cecily: Scam? You dare spout blasphemy before Lady Aqua? 
cecily: Leave at once!
Timid Customer A: S-Some customer service you got here!
cecily: Aw, who needs them? I, for one, am glad they're gone.
kazuma: And I'll be glad when you're gone! We can't run a business like this!
megumin: So much for "Aqua's." 
megumin: Luckily, tomorrow's theme is sure to be a success. Consider today's damage undone!
megumin: Welcome, traveler, to the gates of hell itself! I give you the Crimson Demon cafe: 
megumin: "Red Pentagon!"
kazuma: Talk about over the top. Why? Just... Why?
arue: It was my idea. Pretty snazzy, eh?
Famished Customer: Excuse me? I have a question...
megumin: Coming! 
megumin: Er... 
megumin: Ahem! The fate of the world rests upon your 
megumin: shoulders, brave soul. The time has come... Decide!
Famished Customer: Yes, um, what's the "Shimmering Solar Splash"?
megumin: Tomato basil bisque.
Famished Customer: ...Wow. Okay. And what're these..."Gaia-Blessed God Spears"?
arue: The name wasn't hint enough? They're obviously carrot sticks.
Famished Customer: R-Right. Sorry, I'm not a Crimson Demon, so...
kazuma: Could you have the decency not to saddle these pristine Samuidoh vegetables 
kazuma: with ridiculous names? They aren't helping!
kazuma: Today's the third day of our soft opening, after two days with zero sales. Zero.
kazuma: Well, Darkness, you're up to bat. I really need you to pull through. 
kazuma: We have to inspire repeat customers. Got it?
darkness: Got it. Trust me, my concept's foolproof!
aqua: There's no one in the kitchen. And so few seats in the hall. 
aqua: What kind of concept is this?
darkness: The customers need to squat while eating—and maintain position for the duration of their meal. Here, hold this fork.
megumin: Weeping wyverns! How much does it weigh?!
darkness: About ten kilos. The simple act of eating will turn you into 
darkness: a chiseled mass of muscle and sinew. Ingenious, no?
kazuma: Forget it. Not everyone wants your absurdly ripped abs.
darkness: M-My abs aren't ripped!
mel: The customer count is dismally low. How can I 
mel: wait empty tables?
megumin: It seems we're the only people of culture in this town. How sad.
kazuma: No, you're just weird. All of you!
kazuma: None of your concepts were remotely close to usable. 
kazuma: You brought this upon us!
darkness: I-I'm sorry. I was sure we'd cornered an untapped market...
aqua: I almost had it for a minute there.
kazuma: This was supposed to boost the popularity of 
kazuma: Samuidoh produce. What am I gonna tell Amy and Mia...
Amy: Oh? What about us?
kazuma: Amy! How long have you been standing there?
Amy: I just arrived, with some extra stock from Samuidoh. I'll be able to help the cafe tomorrow. How are things going?
kazuma: ...Honestly, they could be better. 
kazuma: Hey, where's Mia?
Amy: Oh, yes. Mia is right over there, actually...
melissa: Mia, you adorable ball of floof, you! 
melissa: Lemme feel those floofy woofy ears?
miia: *Sigh* If it makes you that happy...go ahead.
Amy: Poor Mia's not even resisting. Melissa's having a field day.
kazuma: That crazy girl's at it again, eh? I swear, she— 
kazuma: Wait a sec.
kazuma: Sure, Melissa takes it too far—and then some—but "cute" and "furry" are very marketable qualities!
melissa: Ahhh! These squishy wishy ears are simply to die for!
kazuma: I've got it! I know what the cafe should be!
