A Settlement for This Stubborn Noble! - P6
ナレーション: And so, after luring Mel to the barren city outskirts, a battle most fierce commenced...
mel: □△$$〇×△!! 
mel: ...
mel: Huh? Wh-What is going on?!
kazuma: *Sigh* Welcome back to reality, I guess. You hit yourself 
kazuma: with a bolt of lightning and proceeded to go bonkers.
aqua: Is that how she reacts to lightning? The very element she controls? Man, this kid is a handful...
mel: I'm so sorry. Honestly, I can't recall a thing...
darkness: Are you all right, Lord Reuentahl? No injuries, I hope?
reuenthal: ...
reuenthal: Not a scratch on me. Thank you for your concern.
megumin: Hear that? Things are heating up inside the venue. I guess everything's back on track.
aqua: No time to dally, Cielo! You're needed onstage!
cielo: G-Got it!
reuenthal: Not so fast, Ciruelto! Dare you turn your back on our creed?
cielo: Oh, Father... I've found something far more important! Instead of watching me fight, please—
cielo: watch me dance!
reuenthal: Ciruelto! Wait! Wait, I say!
darkness: Watch carefully, Lord Reuentahl. Cielo's about to show you her heart. 
darkness: I'm sure you'll see what she does.
kazuma: Mel, you and I are going to have a looong discussion about
your rampage...later. 
kazuma: For now, c'mon!
mel: C-Coming! Wait up!
squall: ...
cielo_stage: Ladies and gentlemen, we're terribly sorry for the wait. Today, we have something special for you. A gift, to you from us.
Fan A: A gift? What could it be?
cielo_stage: Good question! It's...our new song! And I'll be taking the center position. 
cielo_stage: It's called "My Favorite." Here goes...
Fan A: That was the greatest thing I've ever seen!!!
Fan B: *Pant pant* I had no idea I'd witness Cielo's first song in center position today! Now I can die happy...
Audience: Ci-e-lo! Ci-e-lo! Ci-e-lo! Ci-e-lo!
kazuma: Well, pops? Still a doubter?
reuenthal: *Sigh*
reuenthal: When Ciruelto was still young, I desired a male heir, but alas, it was not to be. So I raised her as my father raised me. 
reuenthal: Her training involved the toughest of trials. I hoped to temper her spirit into invincible steel. 
reuenthal: I see now that I was wrong. She is strong despite my efforts, not because of them.
megumin: I don't think you need to worry about her. Hers is the art of dancing, not fighting. Yet she wins all the same.
lia_stage: Kazuma! Gang!
erica_stage: Heya! Was that show great or was it great? 
erica_stage: I think my beauty blew 'em straight outta the bleachers!
cielo_stage: Thanks for your support, one and all. You too, Father. 
cielo_stage: Thank you for watching.
reuenthal: ...
reuenthal: Forgive me, my daughter. I was gravely mistaken.
reuenthal: I thought that you would only be able to thrive in this world if you were forced to be as harsh as I am... 
reuenthal: But you've found a strength beyond anything I believed possible.
cielo_stage: Oh, Father... 
cielo_stage: The arts I use to bring people happiness may not be martial, but they're still art, nonetheless.
aqua: And Cielo's a fighter inside, just like you wanted. Nothing keeps her down.
lia_stage: She even comes up with our training exercises, and boy are they grueling. 
lia_stage: She's a veritable drill instructor.
reuenthal: I-Is that so? Th-Then, daughter, I was able to teach you something useful? 
reuenthal: Oh, I am so glad it makes me weep! You are the pride of our house!
kazuma: Sorry to interrupt your tears of paternal joy, but am I to understand that you accept 
kazuma: Cielo's return to Axel Hearts?
reuenthal: Of course. I will lift all restrictions on further shows as well. But train diligently, Daughter! 
reuenthal: Master your craft!
cielo_stage: O-Of course! In fact, we'll train harder than ever before!
erica_stage: H-Harder? Is such a thing even possible?
lia_stage: So long as Cielo's back, I think we can take it.
cielo_stage: The path of the idol is long and arduous, but I'll fight on. I'll make you proud, Father!
kazuma: That was a close shave. But with Cielo back, 
kazuma: all's well that ends well, eh?
cielo: I'm so sorry for putting you through that, everyone.
lia: At least we're back in full swing. That's the second time 
lia: we almost broke up, including my little episode.
erica: Thank the goddess. Having our group ended by one man's 
erica: meatheaded pride 
erica: would've been brutal.
cielo: Again...so sorry. But, I'm back and with my father's 
cielo: blessing no less. Honestly, I'm overjoyed!
mel: You can thank my signature-collecting skills for that! 
mel: I require no thanks of course, just your eternal friendshi—
kazuma: As I recall, everyone helped with that part. 
kazuma: And endangering the concert completely nullifies any contribution.
mel: Uhm...
mel: Yes, that lightning bath caused me 
mel: to lose control. Sorry...
aqua: Hey, it turned out okay. All's well that ends well, no? 
aqua: Plus, Mel flipping out was, in a way, responsible for Cielo's return.
darkness: She's even apologetic. That's a big improvement. We just need to work on her temper. Between our efforts and Squall's, I'm sure we can help.
megumin: On that note, has anyone seen Squall?
ナレーション: Unbeknownst to our heroes, Squall had returned to his cave, where he was searching for a particular magic item...
squall: If my memory serves me correctly, it's in this chest here...
squall: Indeed it is... I had hoped to never use this thing again, 
squall: and yet the dreaded day has come all the same.
squall: Cruel fate, you've forced my hand. That harbinger of chaos 
squall: cannot be allowed to run amok any longer!
