A Settlement for This Stubborn Noble! - P5
Sentry: My lord, a letter has arrived for you.
reuenthal: ...
reuenthal: You dare disturb me in the middle of my sacred bench press 
reuenthal: for a mere letter? Hurl the cursed thing in the trash!
Sentry: But my liege, it is from multiple persons of great eminence! Princess Iris herself, and a Lord Dustiness of Axel...
reuenthal: The Belzerg princess, you say? 
reuenthal: ...
reuenthal: Give it here!
iris: We have elected to hold an event for the people. There will be entertainment for all, from orphans to the elderly.
iris: It will be a wonderful opportunity to celebrate the capital and its citizens. We will of course prepare you a seat of honor.
reuenthal: Far be it for me to refuse a princess and the aristocratic elite. 
reuenthal: Summon Ciruelto. To the capital!
darkness: The plan's taking shape. Let's just hope it works... 
darkness: This outdoor stage is certainly something else, though.
kazuma: You can thank Iris for that. She's one of Axel Hearts' biggest fans, after all.
aqua: If only she could command the weather, too. That sky looks rather foreboding.
megumin: That depends on your perspective. I like the idea of 
megumin: starting the show with some thunder.
kazuma: The kids might go for it, but the old folks would be 
kazuma: startled. We've got a broad demographic in attendance.
lia_stage: Hi everyone! Thanks for making it out to today's event, brought to you by the Kingdom of Belzerg!
erica_stage: From our longtime fans to our new friends, we welcome you all! 
erica_stage: Who's ready to rock these rainclouds away?
Audience: YEEEAAAHHH!!!
kazuma: I see winning that contest propelled them to the next level. They're beloved. 
kazuma: I'm so proud of them.
aqua: But won't people notice the trio's down to two? Cielo's fans might riot...
kazuma: I have a feeling things will pan out. A lot of planning went into this show. 
kazuma: Just sit back and watch.
lia_stage: As a lot of you know, we haven't been able to perform for some time now. 
erica_stage: It was tough for us.
erica_stage: There is no Axel Hearts without Cielo! And no show!
lia_stage: Cielo! We know you're out there somewhere! If you can hear us, say something!
cielo: Lia! Erika!
ナレーション: A lone voice sounded from the VIP seats. A young girl rose, dwarfed by a muscular man at her side—Cielo.
Fan C: YEEEAAAHHH!!! Cielo!!! Remember me?! Sink a right cross right into my solar plexus! Please!!
lia_stage: C'mon, Cielo! Get up here, where you belong! 
lia_stage: Sing with us!
cielo: Lia...
reuenthal: Squash any thoughts you have of taking to that confounded stage, girl! You are a noblewoman, not some dancing fool!
cielo: Father...
erica_stage: Cielo, it's time to dance! I think everyone else here agrees! 
erica_stage: C'mon everyone, tell her!
Audience: Ci-e-lo! Ci-e-lo! Ci-e-lo! Ci-e-lo!
cielo: Father, I'm sorry. But my dear friends and fans have helped me realize where I truly belong. 
cielo: And that's... 
cielo: on 
cielo: the stage!
reuenthal: Ciruelto, get back here!
lia_stage: My apologies, Lord Reuentahl.
lia_stage: But we need Cielo. She's special, one in ten million. 
lia_stage: I beseech you—allow her to choose her own path!
reuenthal: Allow my heir to render herself a spectacle for the commonfolk? The Reuentahls would be the laughingstock of nobility!
kazuma: Hold that thought! As Axel Hearts' producer, I respectfully object! 
kazuma: Here, read this.
megumin: Behold! The signatures of all the people desperate for Cielo's return to the stage!
reuenthal: The Crimson Demon Village, Axel, Arcanretia. Even citizens
of the capital...
aqua: Oh, you think that's something? 
aqua: Here's the signature of the princess of Belzerg herself! 
aqua: How's that for some persuasive oomph?
reuenthal: So the initial letter from the princess, co-signed by House Dustiness, was a ploy to bring us here?
darkness: Apologies for the deception, Lord Reuentahl, but we needed you 
darkness: to witness Axel Hearts' greatness in person.
darkness: They're loved across the land. Look at this arena of fans. 
darkness: Please, do not deny them the joy of seeing Cielo perform.
reuenthal: ...
reuenthal: In truth, I am impressed. Ciruelto is blessed. 
reuenthal: She possesses both the love of the people, and loyal friends too.
cielo: Then, Father, I shall ask you once more. With your 
cielo: permission, I wish to follow my heart...and perform!
reuenthal: Permission granted, my child. Provided you adhere to the 
reuenthal: first tenet of our ancestral creed!
cielo: "Achieving your loftiest goals requires but one thing—your fists!"
reuenthal: Ciruelto... Show me your commitment! End our quarrel, now and forever!
kazuma: Are these really nobles? They sound like pro wrestlers...
reuenthal: If the life of a dancer is what you desire, defeat me! Build your own path...over my corpse!
cielo: No! Our forebears were all musclebound maniacs, like you! That extreme machismo made me fear men!
reuenthal: Still whimpering like a kitten? Then I have no choice but to forcibly awaken the roaring lion within!
？？？: Enough's enough!
squall: Mel?
mel: You make your own child a prisoner in her home and force your 
mel: twisted morality on her... Do you truly care for Cielo?!
squall: I agree with you Mel, but we must stay calm! Do not lose yourself to anger!
mel: You have no idea what it's like to be utterly trapped...
mel: deprived of the warmth of friendship perpetually!
darkness: Mel is projecting her years of imprisonment under a seal's enchantment onto Cielo's situation!
mel: ...
mel: You ought to be ashamed! 
mel: □〇△×△!!
kazuma: Huh?! What was that?!
Fan A: No! That poor girl was struck by a bolt of lightning!
Fan B: But there's not a scratch on her! How's that possible?
mel: I'll...destroy you!!
reuenthal: Heh. You're an interesting lass. You dare stand against me 
reuenthal: with such a puny and paltry physique?
cielo: Mel, wait! Don't do this!
mel: Get out of my way... 
mel: Lightning Bolt!!!
cielo: Aaaaaah!
megumin: Cielo! Are you okay?!
aqua: Kazuma, Mel's rampaging again! At this rate, there won't 
aqua: even be a venue left when she's done!
kazuma: The guests have to be protected at all costs. 
kazuma: That means one thing...
kazuma: All hands on deck! We need to slap some sanity back into Mel before it's too late!
