A Settlement for This Stubborn Noble! - P2
aqua: *Sniffle* I am a goddess! How is being covered in sap befitting a goddess?!
megumin: No one expected that plant monster to use projectiles of its own resin... How careless... 
megumin: How gross...
darkness: Indeed. I remember it so vividly—like a beautiful dream. 
darkness: Fate can be can be so wonderfully cruel sometimes!
kazuma: I beg to differ. After dispatching that thing, 
kazuma: we had a pack of wolves to deal with. Squall strikes yet again.
mel: Maybe I'm not the liability after all. Maybe it's Squall. Care to chime in?
squall: Ungh... A thousand apologies...
kazuma: Normally, I would tell you to check your attitude, Mel—
kazuma: but you saved our hides this time.
mel: Don't I know it! Does that mean you're open to increasing
mel: my cut of the reward?
aqua: Absolutely not, unless you want to feel my holy wrath! 
aqua: I'm buying some of the good stuff to drown my sorrows!
kazuma: As a veteran adventurer, let me impart some wisdom to you, kid. Everyone's cut is decided before the quest—never after.
mel: An unwritten rule of adventuring? I guess I still have a lot to learn.
megumin: Oh, stop pretending to be some gracious mentor. You just 
megumin: don't want to give up your coin.
kazuma: Shut up. Shut up now.
darkness: Kazuma, did you not have an appointment with Lia and Erika?
kazuma: Thanks for the reminder. I'll go see what they're up to.
kazuma: Suffering sap monsters! Every show is canceled? Why?!
erica: My question exactly!
lia: It's not just here. We've had cancellations from a slew of other out-of-town venues.
lia: It's the Reuentahls. They must be behind this.
kazuma: Cielo's folks?! Wait... Do you think they're the reason 
kazuma: she hasn't returned?
erica: It's definitely possible.
kazuma: Hmph! This is a clear obstruction of business! One I intend to fight tooth and nail!
aqua: How, exactly?
kazuma: Must you ask? The Reuentahl estate is near Elroad, right? 
kazuma: I'm gonna kick their door down and get Cielo back.
erica: I-I'm going too! She's our friend, after all.
lia: That she is. Count me in.
kazuma: I'll make sure we can teleport. Meet at the front gate first 
kazuma: thing in the morning, all right?
Lia, Erika: Yes, Producer!
megumin: Thanks to the influence of our resident aristocrat Darkness, we've made it all the way to their front door, easy-peasy.
lia: Some house Cielo's got. We've been friends for ages, 
lia: but this is the first time I've seen it.
squall: Some house indeed. It befits the Reuentahls' reputation as aristocratic elites.
Gatekeeper: You lot! State your business!
mel: I, on the other hand, live an austere life in a rented cabin, devoid of furniture! 
mel: How I envy you, Cielo!d
kazuma: Aw, it's not all bad.
aqua: Cielo, you in there? You've got everyone worried sick. 
aqua: Let us know that you're okay.
mel: And so your band can, you know, do band stuff?
Gatekeeper: Are you deaf as well as classless, you rabble?! How dare you raise a ruckus before the Reuentahl estate!
mel: Here's an idea! Axel Hearts needs a third member, right? 
mel: Why don't I fill that vacancy?
lia: I know you mean well, Mel, but please drop it. We need Cielo more than you can imagine.
erica: Without her, there is no Axel Hearts! Cielo's more than just a band member...she's our friend! She's irreplaceable!
mel: Friend... Irreplaceable...
Gatekeeper: Take this inane prattle elsewhere. Anywhere but here! Or else!
aqua: Okay, Darkness, do your thing. Show him your pendant and snap him 
aqua: into servility!
darkness: Don't treat it like some cheap magic trick! I don't actually 
darkness: enjoy abusing my family's authority.
Gatekeeper: You insist on ignoring me, eh? Perhaps you'll find our spears more convincing—
？？？ : Do nothing.
kazuma: Hey, I recognize that voice...
cielo: Dear friends, forgive me for worrying you so.
Lia, Erika: Cielo!
cielo: ...
ナレーション: After returning the guard to his post, an expressionless Cielo ushered the party inside the grand mansion...
