A Settlement for This Stubborn Noble! - P3
ナレーション: After days of silence, the gang was reunited with Cielo at long last.
cielo: ...
erica: Back together at last, eh, Cielo? How have you been?
lia: And why haven't you contacted us for so long?
cielo: I'm so very sorry, Lia, Erika. You came all this way, so it's clear my absence has been felt.
cielo: Unfortunately, I can't return to Axel Hearts. At least, not any time soon. I've run into some...family complications.
aqua: Let us help you then. After all, friends stick together 
aqua: through thick and thin!
cielo: I'd love to, believe me. But if my father were to see us, things would only get worse. Much worse...
squall: So your father is the "family complication."
kazuma: In that case, I should have words with this father of yours... about his unlawful obstruction 
kazuma: of my business!
mel: As would I! In addition to shoving a bottle of extra-spicy hot sauce down his totalitarian throat!
？？？: I'd like to see you try.
megumin: Who is this man? Or rather, this man-shaped tower of steely muscle? A pro cage fighter?
reuenthal: Ciruelto's father—That's who I am!
kazuma: N-No way! 
kazuma: This blond, battle-hardened warrior? 
kazuma: He's unlike any aristocrat I've ever seen!
darkness: You grace us with your presence, Lord Reuentahl. I am Lalatina Ford Dustiness. 
darkness: We apologize for the sudden intrusion.
reuenthal: And what can I do for a member of the glorious House Dustiness?
darkness: The girls before you are members of the group Axel Hearts, 
darkness: and their performances are being canceled left and right.
reuenthal: I hoped as much. I arranged it. Gallivanting from town to town has cost my daughter a proper education.
mel: Kazuma, Cielo's in dire need of your help. Weren't you 
mel: going to show this man a thing or two? Or three, even?
reuenthal: Surely you jest. 
reuenthal: But if you are actually capable of such a feat, please, give it your best try. 
reuenthal: We nobles do not shy away from exercising brute force.
kazuma: Really? Because most nobles I know do, in fact.
aqua: Cielo's fighting skills must come from her father. I bet his 
aqua: brain is one hundred percent muscle, too.
reuenthal: A muscle-brain, am I? Unfortunately, not even flattery that sweet can save you now.
kazuma: Uh, she wasn't trying to flatter you! On the contrary...
reuenthal: You, whelp, are about to become 
reuenthal: my personal punching bag—upon which I shall vent a rage most vast!
kazuma: Eek!
cielo: Father, cease this at once! Any further abuse of my friends 
cielo: will force me to intervene! And...intervene...I...shall!!
reuenthal: That's it, Ciruelto! Use your fury!
reuenthal: Anger is the path to true power. Unleash it! Only through rage can your strength rise to new heights!
kazuma: There's just no talking to this man. He's a total meathead, through and through!
reuenthal: I shall pardon your insolence this once. But Ciruelto is mine to raise as I please. Interfere again...
reuenthal: and you will perish.
lia: Can you really just ignore what Cielo wants?
cielo: I'm sorry, everyone. 
cielo: I wish I could stay in the band, but life isn't so simple...
erica: Sure it is. Don't stay here—leave with us! 
erica: Right now, in fact! Problem solved!
cielo: I can't do that. Certainly not now, anyway. If I run, my 
cielo: father will prevent our performances until the end of time.
cielo: It's best if I stay here. I'll change his mind someday... 
cielo: And until then, you'll be free to put on shows...without me.
lia: Cielo...
kazuma: I thought he was gonna crush my skull between his pecs...
aqua: That was pathetic. You didn't intimidate the man at all. 
aqua: Though, to be honest, I didn't expect you to.
megumin: This goes far beyond being protective. This is overkill.
darkness: I must agree. Lord Reuentahl thinks he owns his daughter, and that he can dictate her future.
mel: I can remember the agony of imprisonment... It isn't right that Cielo is facing the same torture.
mel: Here's an idea! What if we just, you know...off her dad? 
mel: Heck, it wouldn't be that hard, I'll gladly—
lia: Mel, that's Cielo's family you're talking about! We couldn't do that to her!
mel: But her father is the problem here! Why not just remove 
mel: him? I'm saying this for her benefit, not my own!
megumin: She's starting to spiral again. Are all elemental spirits like this? 
megumin: They perceive things in such a strange way.
squall: Oh...
kazuma: So... what pressing matter requires a private chat, Squall?
squall: Mel. What else?
kazuma: Mel, eh? We're not in the clear yet, but compared to when she was freed, she's a little more stable.
squall: ...
squall: Considering how she used to kill people and revive them as a method of making friends? ...In a way, perhaps.
kazuma: Come to think of it, you're always keeping an 
kazuma: eye out for her. Or maybe...keeping your guard up.
squall: Impressive. Your powers of perception are even keener than I thought. Perhaps it is best I reveal all, then.
kazuma: Reveal what? 
kazuma: Sounds serious...
squall: That's because it is. For the person who imprisoned Mel...was none other than...
squall: me.
kazuma: Oh, is that all—
kazuma: WAIT, WHAT?!
squall: It was long ago. Mel's antics were tormenting the villagers, and—
squall: Hey, get back here!
squall: 　
kazuma: Nooo! Please, no! I don't want to hear another word of 
kazuma: this horrible story! It can only complicate things!
squall: My, you sure are an astute fellow. It absolutely will. 
squall: For Mel was once...
kazuma: No! No more, I say! Not another flap of your snout!
ナレーション: After prying Kazuma's palms from his ears, Squall began to speak of his colored past with the lightning spirit...
