A Settlement for This Stubborn Noble! - P1
ナレーション: Summoned by her parents, Cielo returned to her family estate, and continued her vigorous idol training regimen.
cielo: I can hardly believe it. Me—dancing in center position? 
cielo: I'll be the focus of the entire venue... I have to be perfect!
cielo: No, I will be perfect! 
cielo: Now, once more from the top!
reuenthal: Ciruelto, what is all this commotion?
cielo: My apologies, Father. I'm practicing the choreography 
cielo: for my next stage performance.
reuenthal: Dancing? Again? My daughter... How long will you indulge this juvenile fancy of yours?
cielo: Fancy...? 
cielo: Not even family has the right to say such things. Take it back!
reuenthal: I think not. In fact, I've been far too lenient with you. It's high time we end this charade.
cielo: What right do you have to decide what I do with my life?!
reuenthal: Must you ask? I am your father. It is both my right and my responsibility!
reuenthal: They say you are Cielo, the singer, dancer. Ridiculous. You
are 
reuenthal: Ciruelto Accord 
reuenthal: Reuentahl—heir to our grand bloodline!
cielo: ...
reuenthal: It seems you refuse to accept the truth. Very well, then. You will not set foot outside this room 
reuenthal: until you do!
cielo: And what about what I want, Father?! 
cielo: Let me out this instant! Father!
cielo: 　
kazuma: The ears. The girls. The business. It was all going so well.
megumin: Too bad our profits were spent on repairs. 
megumin: We're pretty much back at square one.
aqua: Think positively. The cafe's still open. Plus, 
aqua: Arue and Komekko are sticking around to help.
kazuma: That's great and all, but we're effectively back to questing for pocket change.
darkness: Ever the pessimist, Kazuma. Are we not adventurers? Are quests not our occupation?
squall: Mel, prove yourself on this quest and the party is sure to forgive your past misdeeds. Good luck.
mel: Hehe. I'm luck personified. That, and a heaping helping of thunder and lightning, of course!
kazuma: Which we'll make full use of.
aqua: Uh, Darkness? There's a price tag on your back: one hundred Eris. 
aqua: Are you really that destitute?
darkness: Odd. I don't recall any price tags...
mel: Come one, come all! It's a special limited-time offer, and it won't last long!
mel: Act now and the eldest daughter of House Dustiness will wait on you hand and foot—for a mere hundred Eris!
Local A: The crusader? With the flowing golden locks? Waiting on me for a hundred Eris?! Count me in!
Local B: I'll pay a hundred and fifty! No... Two hundred!
kazuma: Either price is still practically free!
darkness: Kazuma, help! I can't bring myself to protest!
squall: ...How she construes this as proving herself is beyond me.
kazuma: Mel, have you forgotten my teachings yet again? There's a difference between worthy and unworthy pranks!
mel: Oh my! Forgive me, sensei! ...W-Which category does this
mel: prank fall into?
kazuma: Quite 
kazuma: obviously...
kazuma: the former. I mean, this is Darkness we're talking about. Look, she's happy as a clam.
darkness: I-I am not! Don't make me out to be some kind of deviant!
kazuma: In the grand scheme of things, this is much tamer than Mel's usual antics. I gotta hand it to her—she's grown.
lia: Kazuma, can you spare a minute?
kazuma: Lia, Erika... It's rare to see your trio down to a duet. 
kazuma: What brings you here?
erica: The guild said you were going on a quest. We thought we might find you here...
lia: We have to talk about Cielo.
megumin: Is she okay? This sounds serious...
erica: It is! Cielo left to see her folks...
erica: and hasn't returned.
kazuma: Her folks, eh? She's a noble, like Darkness, as I recall...
darkness: Yes, the eldest daughter of the Reuentahls, a House with a 
darkness: long and prestigious history. Their estate is on the outskirts of Elroad.
lia: Her full name is Ciruelto Accord Reuentahl. And much like Darkness's family, the Reuentahls have ties to the capital.
aqua: What's wrong with Cielo going home for a spell? Nothing out of the ordinary there.
erica: She said she'd be back in a day—and it's been a week. We've had no word from her, too.
lia: Cielo did say she wasn't on good terms with her dad...
mel: C'mon, Kazuma, we have a quest to complete!
kazuma: That we do. Why don't we wait for Cielo a bit longer, hm? 
kazuma: She may have her own plans, after all.
lia: Maybe...
kazuma: We'll tackle this quest first. Once we're done, I'll swing back your way and see what's what.
erica: ...
