A Settlement for This Stubborn Noble! - P4
cielo: I bet Lia and Erika are hard at work perfecting their dance routine right now...
cielo: I should be right there with them, practicing our new song. 
cielo: It's... just not fair!
erica: And now for the final pose of the sequence! 
erica: Voila! 
erica: *Pant pant* 
erica: Well? How'd you like our new song?
megumin: Stupendous! You've really outdone yourselves!
darkness: It's a bold departure from your previous work. 
darkness: I dare say it marks a new chapter in Axel Hearts history!
aqua: I like it too, especially the choreography! Even as a duet, 
aqua: I think you've got an instant hit on your hands.
lia: There's no replacing Cielo. She'd make this song ten times better, at least.
erica: The same applies to our cuteness factor...
darkness: Then without her, the song can't be unveiled. This is quite 
darkness: the dilemma... Kazuma, any ideas?
darkness: Uh, Kazuma?
kazuma: Eesh. I'll never be the same after hearing that.
squall: Long ago, I was the one who imprisoned Mel. 
squall: Her antics had driven the villagers to desperation, and they came to me for help.
kazuma: Sealing her away for some pranks seems a bit much.
squall: If her "pranks" were standard fare, perhaps. But Mel is a spirit. She does not view the world through mortal eyes.
squall: And when incensed, her power is immense and 
squall: destructive. You experienced this firsthand, no?
kazuma: That I did, but still...
squall: And now... I am considering sealing her again, before she can wreak irreparable damage. 
squall: A task which will require your help.
kazuma: Whoa now, aren't you jumping the gun? 
kazuma: Mel clearly has no ill intent, and her pranks are mellowing.
kazuma: I understand if you want to err on the side of caution, 
kazuma: but so long as we're here, I'm sure she'll be fine.
kazuma: Either way, right now Cielo takes priority. We can revisit this topic later—
kazuma: okay?
squall: As you wish. I trust your judgment.
kazuma: I mean, Squall of all people? Talk about coming out of left field. 
kazuma: Mel must've been terrifying back in the day...
aqua: Kazuma, snap out of it! We need you to concoct a plan to rescue Cielo from that muscle-bound 
aqua: oaf!
kazuma: Oh, uh, right! 
kazuma: Squall and Mel are a conundrum I can deal with later. Right now, Cielo needs me!
darkness: Wait, Kazuma. I have an idea.
darkness: Let's collect signatures in support of Axel Hearts. 
darkness: Even aristocrats cannot ignore the commonfolk forever. With enough voices, even Lord Reuentahl must bend.
kazuma: That might work! If we get enough people to sign, we might just save Cielo's job!
megumin: I'm in! I'll ask the Crimson Demons for their full support!
aqua: Well, you've already got mine! Let's get Mel and the others on board too!
lia: Guys, I don't know what to say. 
lia: Well, other than thank you, I mean. We'll collect names too!
kazuma: Nuh uh. You two keep working on your new act. Cielo could 
kazuma: be back any day now, and she'll need your help to catch up.
erica: Oh, Kazuma... 
erica: Thanks a million! We'll practice our rears off and boost our cuteness a thousandfold!
kazuma: Excellent. 
kazuma: Okay gang, we start first thing tomorrow!
megumin: To save dear Cielo's dream, I demand but one thing—etch thy name.
arue: My right arm... It's possessed! Be still, cursed appendage! Have you forgotten your master?! Put...down...the pen!
arue: "A...ru...e." 
arue: There. Satisfied?
megumin: Very. Thank you.
ynyn: What were you two doing?
megumin: Collecting signa—
megumin: No, making a blood pact!
megumin: For Axel Hearts' freedom, sign your name, and put a mad despot to shame!
ynyn: Not sure I follow... but it's for Axel Hearts, right? I don't see the need for the drama.
cecily: You there, tourist! Sign this petition and Axis Order application—
cecily: or else I'll tell the whole town you hate the band!
Tourist: Can you let me off with just the petition? Please?
aqua: Cecily's on fire! I'd better strut my stuff!
aqua: My Arcanretian Axis flock! It is I, your beloved deity! Your goddess demands that 
aqua: you sign this paper!
Axis Follower A: You again? Stow it, ya crazy! Blue hair doesn't grant you divinity, okay?!
Axis Follower B: We weren't born yesterday. Anyone demanding signatures like that is either pushing a hokey product or religion!
darkness: Wow. If there ever was a case of the pot calling the kettle black...
Axis Follower A: And look. The blasphemer's friend, that blondie—she's an Eris follower! Let's kick 'em both outta town!
Axis Followers: Out! Get Out!
darkness: Yow! 
darkness: What was that? ...Soap?! Seriously, who hurls bars of— 
darkness: Ouch! S-Stop already! 
darkness: O-Or maybe a bit more...!
aqua: But I am a goddess!
mel: Citizens, hear me! Our dear friend's in trouble, but you can save her with your signatures!
squall: ...
kazuma: Hey gang, I'm back! How is petition going?
squall: Well enough. Mel's put her whole heart into this. And has ceased all prankery, if you can believe it.
kazuma: She's a good apple, deep down. Well, Squall? I bet she evoked some feeling in that jaded heart of yours, eh?
squall: The girl's passion is commendable. But...I shall 
squall: remain vigilant a little while longer.
squall: And you, Kazuma? What of your efforts?
kazuma: We split up to cover more ground. Elroad, the Crimson Demon Village, 
kazuma: Arcanretia... It was smooth sailing on our end.
squall: Splendid. I hope it is enough to convince Cielo's father.
kazuma: If only it were that simple. I think we need something else to tip the scales in our favor. Something decisive.
kazuma: ...Eureka! 
kazuma: I think I've got it!
