True Pals for This Prankster Spirit! - P6
kazuma: *Pant pant* You're outnumbered, Squall. Why continue an 
kazuma: unwinnable battle like this? Leave Mel be!
squall: An unwinnable battle this is not. For I wield the sacred sealer of spirits—Lightning's Bane!
mel: Squall, please, no. I...
kazuma: Megumin, do you have an Explosion primed?
megumin: I do, but with everyone so close together, it's too risky to fire off!
kazuma: Then I'll need to distract Squall and his band 
kazuma: of beasties. But how? Wait—is that...?
dust: Quit daydreaming, Kazuma! We're fighting for our lives here!
kazuma: Dust, see that? In the bush! Grab it, will you?
dust: The heck? Have you finally lost the plot?!
kazuma: Just trust me! Grab the darn thing and chuck it at Squall! NOW!
dust: I've no idea what you're getting at, but fine, whatever! 
dust: Hey, Squall, I got you a present!
squall: What manner of buffoonery is—
squall: Eek! A s- s-s-spider?! 
squall: *HOWL*
kazuma: That stopped him in his tracks!
kazuma: Everyone, over here! Let 'er rip, 
kazuma: Megumin! Just don't kill him, yes?
megumin: Roger that!
megumin: EXPLOSION!
squall: Ooohhhhhhh.
squall: Nghhh...
kazuma: Rise and shine. Calmed down a little, I hope?
squall: Kazuma? What happened?
aqua: The explosion's force sent you flying. Knocked you clean out, actually. Don't worry—I patched you right up.
lia: Squall, Mel has something she'd like to tell you.
mel: All this time, I've been worried that my friends would leave me. And I'd be alone again. I thought if I kept pranking them...
mel: ...we'd at least share that memory. But thanks to the orphans and my friends, I know now that's not how it has to be.
erica: Guess I'm to thank for this resolution—you're welcome.
cielo: They're having a heart-to-heart, Erika. The jokes can wait.
mel: Prank or not, friends don't endanger friends. Kazuma taught me that. Believe me when I say 
mel: I won't lose control. Ever!
mel: I've been alone as long as I can remember. All I've ever wanted was...a friend.
squall: Mmm...
darkness: You must admit. Mel has her commendable qualities as well. We've all seen it in action.
aqua: Yeah. Remember when she helped with the greenhouses in Samuidoh?
cielo: And when I was having a crisis, Mel helped pass out flyers so I could return to Axel Hearts.
erica: Mel even plays with the kids at the orphanage. 
erica: She's practically a celebrity over there.
lean: And we have her to thank for tonight's delectable meal of fresh greens. I think we can put up with a few pranks.
dust: Especially when you're as forgiving and magnanimous a character as me.
ynyn: And while I don't have any memorable episodes 
ynyn: with Mel yet, I'm positive we can be friends!
ynyn: So please, don't do this!
megumin: I'm with Yunyun. Please reconsider!
squall: ...
squall: I see you all care deeply for Mel.
squall: Destroy her... Does not the punishment far outweigh the crime here?
Villager A: Her brand of mischief is anything but monkey business.
Villager B: Yeah, the last time she had an outburst, she razed my fields to cinders and wisps!
Villager C: A stray bolt of hers could strike one of our children dead! Then what? We must act now!
squall: Very well. I shall handle this matter personally.
kazuma: Well, Squall? What do you say?
squall: They wished for her destruction, so I chose the merciful route: imprisonment.
squall: ...
squall: But here I see Mel is not alone.
squall: She has been blessed with friends... Good ones.
kazuma: Hm? Come again?
squall: Nothing. An old man's ruminations. With this many of you arguing so passionately, I have no choice but to yield.
darkness: Really? So then you're...
squall: Not going to seal her away for eternity.
squall: Mel, your friends care for you deeply. See that you do not betray their loyalty. 
mel: I promise! I won't let them down.
ynyn: S-Say, Mel? Speaking of friendship, I was wondering if you'd like to be friends with—
？？？: This is our chance!
squall: Augh!
squall: Where did this rabble come from?
daniel: Hehehe. It's been far too long, my dear nemeses.
kazuma: H-H-How is this possible? Daniel? Charlie?! 
kazuma: You're alive?!
aqua: That thing they pilfered—don't tell me that's...
charlie: The sacred sealer of spirits, was it? I think we'll keep it!
daniel: As much as I'd love to catch up over tea, we're busy men.
daniel: Fare thee well!
aqua: Get back here, you thieving trolls!
kazuma: Arrrgh... We almost had our happy ending, too! 
kazuma: Why can't things ever just stay good...
squall: But why take the Lightning's Bane?
ナレーション: Though Squall's trust towards Mel had been restored, sparks of a new conflict had begun to fly...
