True Pals for This Prankster Spirit! - P1
megumin: 'Splodey-splode, 'splode, la la la! ♪
aqua: You're in good spirits today!
darkness: Well, we haven't taken a quest in quite some time.
mel: We've had so much drama lately, too! And it's great to be out of the woods finally!
kazuma: Says the very source of said drama. I don't see Squall though. 
kazuma: Where'd the furry fella get off to?
mel: Beats me. I haven't seen him since this morning. 
mel: I figured he had stuff do, so I came here solo.
megumin: A shame, to be sure. 
megumin: But fear not—my explosion magic will fill the void of our lupine friend's absence!
megumin: Wahahaha!!
dust: I wondered what the ruckus was. Should've guessed it was you guys.
darkness: If it isn't Dust... Rin too. Gearing up for a quest?
dust: No sirree, not us! Today's our day off. We're gonna chill 
dust: in grand and garish style! By the way...do you have any spare coin?
lean: What, you couldn't leech off Taylor and me, 
lean: so you immediately try to leech off others? For shame!
mel: You see your friends for the first time in ages, and you immediately ask them for money? Unbelievable!
dust: Who's the brat? She's got some cheek.
lean: She worked part-time at Amy's cafe, remember? 
lean: Hi kid. The name's Rin. 
lean: And this scowling lunk is Dust.
mel: I'm Mel, a lightning spirit. D-Do you wanna be friends? 
mel: Here, have a cookie—to mark our friendship!
dust: Heh. I'm glad you know how to show respect to the adventurer 
dust: who REALLY runs this town—me!
dust: Thanks, short stuff... H-Hot monkey spit! 
dust: My mouth is on fire!
mel: Hah! Gotcha! I take it you're not a fan of my chili pepper cookies? They've got a bit of a kick!
dust: Mouth...burning... Vision...fading... These cookies were baked by the devil 
dust: himself! Is this...the end...?!
darkness: Mel, how many times must we tell you? Cease these pranks.
mel: A-Aw, don't be angry... I couldn't help it. I mean, 
mel: look at him! He was BEGGING me to prank him.
dust: What'd you say?! You'll be begging for mercy once 
dust: I get my 
dust: hands on you! But first, I need a barrel of water! Or two!
kazuma: ...Order up.
kazuma: Create Water!
dust: *Glug glug* 
dust: Whew. That was my closest brush with death yet.
dust: That runt's gonna pay!
lean: Surely you can make better use of your time than threatening young girls.
dust: Ha! This is no threat! Just watch me. I won't lose, be my opponent woman or child!
megumin: Every time I think he can't stoop any lower...
kazuma: Just when you think he's hit rock bottom he just plummets on through...
aqua: Hey! Aren't we supposed to be on a quest? I want to be back home by sundown!
kazuma: Agreed. But we'd better track down Mel first.
dust: H-Hey, Kazuma! You're that pipsqueak's guardian, right? I demand compensation for damages incurred by my tongue!
kazuma: H-Her guardian?! Absolutely NOT! 
kazuma: Fare thee well, friend.
dust: Damn, I endured that fiery torment for nothing! How could Kazuma leave his destitute friend 
dust: by the wayside?
lean: ...You have a problem. Which really needs fixing.
squall: Hmm... Mel's not here. Neither is Kazuma's party. 
squall: Perhaps they've gone out on a quest?
？？？: *Sigh* I'll be lucky to keep my sense of taste after that. "Mel," was it? I'll pay you back—in spades!
squall: Mel? Is that man a victim of her antics?
dust: Antics? That torment would've killed a lesser man!
lean: Oh shush. 
lean: Still, pranking someone within a minute of meeting them isn't very nice. In fact...
dust: It's gosh darn vicious! But not as vicious as I can be! On that note, it's time to find that half-pint hellion!
lean: Hey, Dust, wait up!
squall: That man, Dust. He seems to have quite the vendetta against Mel. And it's only been a few days since her last tantrum...
squall: Leaving her free to run amok may invite calamity to Axel. Perhaps I have no choice...
squall: ...but to confine her to an eternal prison once more.
ynyn: An eternal prison?
ynyn: As in seal Mel away for good? And Dust seems rather 
ynyn: bent on revenge... Oh, this is a pickle.
ynyn: First thing's first. I need to warn them!
ナレーション: Meanwhile...
erica_stage: Hey everyone! Are you having the time of your lives?
Fans: YEEEAAAHHH!!!
cielo_stage: What's that? I can't hear you! 
cielo_stage: Once more!
Fans: OH YEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!
lia_stage: And now for our next song. Please sing with us on 
lia_stage: our cue, okay?
Fans: YOU GOT IIIIIIT!!!
daniel: Ah Lia, the superlative songstress!
charlie: Though it's been quite some time since their last show, Axel Hearts is better than ever!
daniel: Agreed. Lia's singing is even more angelic somehow!
charlie: And Cielo is grace personified when she dances! 
charlie: Oh, but I wonder—should we even be here?
daniel: Get a grip, Charlie, old boy. As fans, it is our sworn duty to witness our dancing deities perform!
daniel: Why, for my beloved Lia, I would lay down my very life without a moment's hesitation!
charlie: Well... technically speaking, you've died once already, Boss.
ナレーション: Though the duo appeared amidst the roiling throng without apparent malice, villainy was most assuredly afoot...
