True Pals for This Prankster Spirit! - P4
ナレーション: Their friend abducted by Dust, Kazuma's party gave pursuit, eventually coming to a clearing in the mountains.
erica: I sure hope Mel's okay...
darkness: Forced into the mountainous depths, utterly cut off from 
darkness: civilization. Danger abounding every which way! I-I'm kind of excited.
kazuma: Well, I'm NOT excited. And cut the live commentary. We're all nervous enough as it is.
lia: Pipe down and listen for a moment. Do you hear that?
？？？: Hi-yah! See? This is a specialty of mine.
megumin: That sounded like thunder. And a voice.
cielo: Do you think it's Mel?
？？？: Yeah, not bad. For a warm-up. Now's the real challenge!
aqua: I hear Dust too. And what sounds like...a scuffle?
ynyn: You think they're fighting?! 
ynyn: We have to stop them!
mel: This will tickle a little... 
mel: Lightning Bolt!!!
ynyn: Nooo! Cease this senseless conflict!
dust: Senseless? How so?
cielo: A basket...filled with vegetables? What's going on here?
lia: Looks like a quest to hunt down wild vegetables. Dust's idea 
lia: of "compensation" must've been for Mel to help him with a quest.
ynyn: F-For real...?
darkness: Dust being the scummy man he is, I assumed the worst. 
darkness: Er, I MEAN—naturally it must have been something like this!
kazuma: Admit it. You were expecting, no, hoping for something warped and depraved.
mel: I'd say we've bagged enough veggies for one day, eh?
dust: Not even close. The more veggies in the basket, the more the moolah. 
dust: Plus, Rin's due here soon. And she goes gaga for greens.
mel: It's moving that you'd try so hard 
mel: to get Rin her favorite food. I'm happy to help as much as you need!
dust: 'Preciate it. And man, can you sling some mean lightning. I'd say we're even now—
dust: once I pocket the reward for this.
Tomato: Toma-toma-tomatooo!
Potato: Puh-puh-puh-puh-taytooo!
dust: Seems the feral foodstuffs are back for more. Mel?
mel: On it! 
mel: Lightning Bolt!!!
ynyn: You know, they almost...look like friends.
megumin: Well, Yunyun has an uncanny knack for making mountains out of molehills.
aqua: Eh. All's well that ends well in my book!
erica: There's enough fresh veggies to feed a small village. Let's have a taste, shall we?
erica: *Munch* 
erica: Ooh, delish! 
erica: Now that's FRESH with a capital "F"!
kazuma: *Munch* 
kazuma: Wow, those are good veggies all right. Makes me wonder how they taste cooked.
kazuma: You don't have to turn ALL these in to the guild, right, 
kazuma: Dust? Mind if I rustle up some fresh veggie cuisine?
dust: Be my guest. But make some for me and Rin, would ya? I'll leave the menu to you.
aqua: Nice one, Kazuma! Make me something that goes well with 
aqua: a bottle of the good stuff. I brought some, just in case.
kazuma: Do I even want to know where you were hiding that?
squall: Whew. The necessary adjustments are complete.
squall: Lightning's Bane—a seal-inducing magic item, wrought by past victims of Mel's infernal rascality.
mel: I won't let you...
mel: get away with this!
mel: 〇×△□□!!!
kazuma: She's got horns now?! What does that mean? What's going on here? 
kazuma: Hey, answer me, Mel!
mel: Here's an idea! What if we just, you know...off her dad? 
mel: Heck, it wouldn't be that hard, I'll gladly—
lia: Mel, that's Cielo's family you're talking about! We couldn't do that to her!
squall: Mel is a spirit. Her kind was not meant to live among humans.
squall: Her antics, though harmless to her, are anything but that. And when she goes berserk... 
squall: This is my only option.
squall: *HOWL*
ナレーション: Squall's ululating bellow brought swarms of beasts running. Then, with magic item in hand, he set a course for Mel...
