True Pals for This Prankster Spirit! - P5
ナレーション: Unaware of Squall's intentions, Kazuma and friends crowded by the fire, relishing in the lavish spread before them.
lean: Mmm. 
lean: Every dish here is truly 
lean: scrumptious! Nothing beats fresh produce!
dust: Okay but how about we acknowledge the wonderful man who made today's feast possible, hm?
lean: Of course, you're right! Thanks for cooking, Kazuma! 
lean: And thank you for collecting the veggies, Miss Thunder Spirit!
kazuma: Don't mention it.
mel: I was happy to help!
dust: ...And what about ME?!
lean: Oh? 
lean: Sure—should I also thank you for your insurmountable debt?
dust: Wahaha! Amongst friends, we don't need words to express gratitude! 
dust: That's what makes true friendship! Now let's dig in, eh?
darkness: Dust sure weaseled his way out of that one.
megumin: He's even more impressive than Kazuma.
lia: Hehe. I must say, this has been a fantastic night.
erica: Fresh air, great views, and delicious food!
erica: It's picture-perfect.
cielo: Thank you for letting us tag along!
aqua: 'Course! The more the merrier when there's drink to be had! That's what I always say!
ynyn: Mmm...
megumin: You're not eating, Yunyun?
ynyn: I-I will. I'm just treasuring this moment. You know... 
ynyn: Camping...and eating...with friends.
ynyn: "Friends"...?
ynyn: Uh oh, I just remembered! If Mel and Dust don't bury the hatchet, Mel's gonna be sealed away!
dust: Huh? Whaddya mean?
mel: S-S-Sealed away?!
ynyn: Let me start from the beginning...
dust: So Squall's going to seal Mel away because of the prank she played on me. That the gist of it?
ynyn: Unfortunately. Which is why I was looking for Mel... To warn her!
mel: Please! No, no seals! No prisons! I never want to be alone like that again!
dust: I will admit I was ready to blow a gasket earlier.
dust: But ultimately, Mel lent a hand with this quest. Rin's happy as a clam. I say let bygones be just that.
mel: Aw... Dust... 
mel: Here, a token of our renewed friendship. Drink up!
dust: How thoughtful... NOT. 
dust: I forgive you for the ONE prank. All future pranks are a different matter entirely!
mel: Tch. I was so close.
kazuma: Hmph, I actually thought she was learning her lesson a little. This girl's a real handful, and then some.
aqua: What do you expect? She's a spirit, after all. Her kind is complete foreign to you humans.
kazuma: She looks human, so I tend to forget. But the way spirits think is entirely different. Maybe that's to be expected.
ynyn: So it looks like everyone is friends again! Squall should be open to reversing his decision now...right?
squall: Did I hear my name?
darkness: Squall? How long have you been here?
kazuma: Hold on, Darkness. My Enemy Detection skill's 
kazuma: tingling. We've got company...a whole lot of 'em!
squall: Yes, I surmised I would need assistance 
squall: in sealing Mel away.
ynyn: S-Seal her away? Please, wait for one second. Dust forgave Mel. There's no need to go through with this.
squall: Their relationship 
squall: is of no relevance now. For my duty is but one...
squall: *HOWL*
Blood Fang: Grrrrrrrrr!
Bro-rilla: Grrraaaaaagh!
ナレーション: As Squall's cry pierced the night sky, a horde of fanged beasts emerged from the brush, lunging viciously at the party.
darkness: Squall, no! Hear us out—
squall: Mel is a spirit. Allowing her to roam free will culminate in destruction the likes of which you cannot fathom.
squall: You witnessed her manic fits first-hand. Stopping her now is the only way to prevent needless death 
squall: and ruination!
dust: Sorry, pup, but we ain't backing down. I let go of my beef 
dust: with Mel, so you'd best follow suit.
lean: I never thought I'd say this—but I'm with Dust on this one. Mel's a friend, and you won't take her away on my watch!
kazuma: Though a wildly rare phenomenon, Dust's right. Mel hasn't done 
kazuma: anything to deserve being locked away again.
mel: Thank you, Dust. Thank you, all...
squall: Time and again, Mel's actions have harmed those around her. They even claimed your life once, Kazuma, albeit indirectly.
squall: Mel is too dangerous for this world. Try and stop me...and I will reply in like fashion—without mercy! 
squall: *HOWL*
Bro-rilla: Grrraaaaaagh!
ynyn: R-Rin! Behind you!
lean: Aaahhh!
mel: Lightning Bolt!!!
Bro-rilla: Grrraaaaaagh...
mel: Are you okay? Are you injured at all?
lean: No, miraculously. Thank you.
dust: Squall, you two-faced flea trap! You tryin' to turn my partymate into monkey fodder?
squall: If you'd like to protect your friends, leave Mel here and I'll stop.
aqua: He won't listen to reason. 
aqua: We'll have to use other methods!
squall: You insist on resisting? In that case, I have no choice but 
squall: to exercise the full extent of my power!
kazuma: Here he comes! Team, protect Mel!
