Friendship for This Lonely Spirit! - P5
mel: Nobody actually thinks of me as a friend... Is it because of 
mel: all the pranks I've played on them?
mel: *Sigh* What do I do now? 
daniel: I believe I said it before. You let your happiness escape with every sigh.
mel: You two again?
charlie: So? Did you try out the lie detector?
mel: Um...
daniel: Judging from that look, I'd say you have. They've been hiding their true feelings about you this entire time.
daniel: However, we are different. 
daniel: How, you ask? Well, because we are your true friends! Why don't you come with us?
mel: Maybe that's not such a bad idea...
ynyn: Th-That's far enough!
mel: ?!
daniel: Scurry on your way, young lady. 
ynyn: I can't do that! Not when you're trying to trick Mel with your lies!
ynyn: Mel, those two are dangerous. Come back with me, please? 
mel: Yunyun... Did you follow me?
ynyn: Of course! I'm worried about you! After all, 
ynyn: w-we're 
ynyn: f-f-friends!
daniel: Don't let yourself be fooled, Mel! You've already experienced her lies once.
charlie: Th-That's right! They're forcing themselves to be nice to you. They only see you as a nuisance!
mel: You're right... 
mel: I'm nothing but a nuisance...
ynyn: That couldn't be further from the truth! Mel!
daniel: Come Mel, we'll treat you better than they ever did. I have a wyvern waiting to take us away!
charlie: You'll be welcome at our castle and we'll be best friends!
ynyn: Mel, please don't go!
daniel: I only invite those closest to me to my castle. I ask that you accept this token of our friend—
？？？: Yunyun! Mel! Are you okay?!
charlie: Wh-Who's there?!
ynyn: Kazuma! Everyone!
kazuma: We were worried about Mel, so we came here to find her. I'm glad we did! 
aqua: I still can't believe these two trolls are still alive.
darkness: They haven't wasted any time getting right back to plotting evil schemes, either.
daniel: How dare you make these accusations! I am merely here to form a true friendship with Mel.
megumin: This time, I will make sure to blast you sky-high with my explosion magic!
daniel: Hah! I have escaped death's clutches before. A few explosions are no match for me.
megumin: What did you just say?! You dare belittle the power of my explosion magic?
kazuma: Daniel seems too confident. Did something change? He feels 
kazuma: different... Did he somehow become stronger?
lia: Mel! Get away from them, quickly!
daniel: Ah! My dear Lia! You once again grace me with your presence! 
daniel: Have you finally realized your burning love for me?!
kazuma: Nope. I guess just his creepiness shot through the roof.
megumin: My explosion magic will blow that smug look off your face!
megumin: Envoy of darkness who charges through the night, lend me your strength that I shall—
kazuma: Hold it! 
kazuma: If you blow him up now, you're going to hit Mel!
mel: Oh, now you care!? You wouldn't care at all 
mel: if I got blown up, isn't that right?!
erica: What in the world do you mean, Mel? 
cielo: You mean so much to all of us!
mel: Do I really?! Can you look me in the eye and say we're friends in front of this magical item?!
kazuma: Wait, isn't that...?
squall: Of course! We're all worried about you!
mel: It chimed... 
mel: I knew it! You're all lying!
mel: Just... Just stop it! I know you all really hate me on the inside!
daniel: That's right, Mel! Turn that rage into lightning and direct it at those who 
daniel: trampled all over your feelings!
mel: How 
mel: could could you play with my heart like this! 
mel: I believed in all of you!
kazuma: Mel, you've got it all wrong! Please, listen!
daniel: It's no use! Mel will no longer hear the excuses of you charlatans! 
daniel: She is coming with us!
daniel: And with her help, I shall finally be able to rejoin the Devil King's army, collect my overdue wages, 
daniel: and marry Lia!
Daniel, Charlie: Grrroooaaarrr!!!
kazuma: Tch, looks like we've got no choice. 
kazuma: Bring it on!
