Friendship for This Lonely Spirit! - P1
mel: I think I'm finally starting to understand this friendship thing!
kazuma: That's a rather strange thing to declare to our couch out of the blue.
mel: It's anything but out of the blue. I've been meditating on the subject for some time.
mel: Not only do friends lend a helping hand, they'll speak up 
mel: when you're out of line. Oh, how lucky I am to have you all.
mel: And now that I've made up with Squall, I think I've finally gotten a grasp 
mel: on this friendship thing.
aqua: Hmm... I wouldn't jump the gun. I mean, you've had a similar 
aqua: epiphany before, no?
mel: But this time it's real—really real! Point one: a friend 
mel: never hesitates to help a friend in need. Correct?
megumin: Truer words were ne'er uttered... 
megumin: Mel, my FRIEND! I'm in desperate need 
megumin: of letting off an Explosion. Would you like to help me? 
kazuma: Hey, you. Mel is on the cusp of a genuine change of heart. 
kazuma: I condemn this cheap ploy to exploit her.
darkness: In all fairness, Mel has made significant progress. When we 
darkness: first met her, she was a walking hazard.
squall: Agreed. Now if she could only learn to stop pranking people, we would have not a single worry. 
mel: Control my urge? To prank? 
mel: I-I never even considered the idea.
kazuma: Huh? That should've been the FIRST idea you considered! 
kazuma: The pranks are the very thing stopping you from friendship!
mel: Meaning, if I cut the pranks and behave myself, I'll make friends by the boatload? 
mel: Okay, I can do that!
kazuma: I was worried the recent events would tank their relationship, 
kazuma: but it seems to be quite the opposite.
mel: You're a genius, Squall. Instead of pranks, I'll go for good deeds!
aqua: Often, trying too hard to help can do more harm than good. 
aqua: Just be careful out there, please?
miia: Your change comes out to... 
miia: 4 Eris! Thank you kindly!
mel: Here's your produce! Thank you for your business, sir. 
Male Customer: Thanks. I'll be back!
Amy: Your presence is making an incredible difference, Mel. 
Amy: Our sales have gone up immensely.
Amy: Far be it from me to profit off you without giving a little 
Amy: back. Here, a token of our appreciation.
mel: Oh, making up for all the headaches I've caused is payment enough!
miia: Headaches? I'm not sure what you're talking about.
mel: Even so, this is something I need to do. No pranks, 
mel: no trouble equals more friends!
Amy: You're such a sweet girl. There, there.
mel: Ack! Pat me on the head, will you? I'm no child! 
mel: ...But it does feel nice, so you can continue.
Amy: Hehe, you're such a good and honest child.
Female Customer: Afternoon. I'd like a fresh leek, please. Oh? First day on the job, I take it?
mel: Yes, my name's Mel! Welcome! I'll wrap that up for you 
mel: right away!
miia: Mel here's a pro prankster! Watch out—that leek might've been 
miia: dipped in laughing potion.
Female Customer: C-Come again?!
Amy: She's just joking, ma'am. 
Amy: Mia, let's not scare our customers. 
mel: While I don't have any laughing potion, I do have a rather potent laxative. If I douse the leek in it...
miia: Hm? Whatcha mumblin' 'bout there, Mel?
mel: Yeek! Wh-Who, me? Nothing at all. One leek, was it? 
mel: Here you go, ma'am!
miia: Our leeks are so scrumptious, it may shock the tongue right off your face! 
miia: So enjoy thoroughly, okay?!
Amy: You did a wonderful job restraining yourself, 
Amy: Mel.
mel: I can't break my promise to behave mere hours 
mel: after making it!
miia: I'm not quite sure I follow, but I believe in you! 
miia: I'll be rooting for you, 
miia: okay?
mel: Th-Thanks, I appreciate it. A-Ahem, we've still got vegetables 
mel: to sell. Let's hop to it!
Amy: Once our stock's gone, we could use some help at the cafe.
mel: I'd be super happy to! Do I get to wear those adorable animal ears? And wait on tables? 
miia: You'll be a beastman, just like us!
mel: The cafe will be my perfect chance 
mel: to spike drinks 
mel: with my ultra-powerful laxa— NO! Begone, evil thoughts!
Amy: Huh?
ナレーション: Unbeknownst to Mel, from the shadows a mysterious figure was taking note of her newfound powers of self-restraint...
？？？: Mel seems to be enjoying herself. Wonderful. Perhaps my worries were misplaced...
