Friendship for This Lonely Spirit! - P2
chris: Talk about surprises. I don't think Mel's ever asked to accompany us on a quest before.
melissa: Not an unpleasant surprise, I hope... We might 
melissa: end up victims of her latest prank.
mel: P-Please believe in me! 
mel: I'm trying to change my ways! I'm going to make it up to everyone I wronged.
chris: That's admirable. 
chris: So I'm safe in assuming you won't replace our swords 
chris: with scallions?
mel: The ol' vegetable switcharoo, eh? 
mel: Now THAT would be a hit... 
mel: ARGH! I swore—no more pranks!
lean: Oh? Now that's a rare combination of faces.
dust: Hehehe. Hey there, Mel. Judging by your company, 
dust: you've traded in your prankster ways for burglary instead.
chris: I'd appreciate if you called us thieves, not "burglars", thank you very 
chris: much! We take pride in what we do!
melissa: This peasant really dares take that tone with me? 
melissa: And I'm a treasure hunter—get it right, scum.
dust: Geez, you don't gotta dog-pile me like that.
chris: If you can't handle the heat, don't stoke the flames.
melissa: Mel, Chris. Let's get a move on. 
mel: Y-Yes ma'am! 
mel: I think I'll treat Dust to a hearty meal with this quest's payout! 
dust: Wow. Mind if I ask...uh, why? 
mel: I've turned over a new leaf and doing good deeds for all those I've wronged in the past.
dust: An endeavor I wholeheartedly support! Return safely, my most valuable friend!
mel: Will do. Bye then!
lean: You would seriously make that poor girl smash her piggy bank to fill your belly? Can you go any lower?
dust: Bet I can!
lean: I feel dumb for even asking. 
lean: On another note, Mel looked a tad glum. She okay, you think?
chris: Good work, team! We've pocketed the gemstone we were after, and it was surprisingly a cake walk.
melissa: That wasn't the only surprise, was it, Mel? I'm impressed.
chris: Yeah, not a single prank nor gag nor lark. Thanks to you, 
chris: the quest was a breeze.
mel: *Pant pant* Don't mention it. 
mel: We're friends, after all! Dialing back the pranks is a small price.
melissa: Hey, you okay there? You don't look 100%. Are you hurt anywhere?
mel: Bodily speaking, I may not be in absolute peak condition. But I'm not injured at all, so I should be fine! 
chris: Well, if you're sure... 
chris: Hey, careful you two. There's a tripwire over there. It's most likely a trap!
melissa: I'd imagine it releases a bucket of snakes or the such. 
melissa: We're not such novices to fall for something that simple, though.
mel: What? Falling snakes? 
mel: That'd be hilarious! I should pretend to trip and set off the trap to—
mel: N-No! What am I thinking?! I mustn't pull any pranks... I mustn't pull any pranks... 
mel: *Sigh*
squall: I am indebted to you Melissa. Thank you for looking after Mel today.
melissa: Oh, you exaggerate. That girl can take care of herself. I barely had to lift a finger.
kazuma: Seriously? I fully expected you to 
kazuma: demand compensation for 
kazuma: being forced to babysit.
melissa: I probably would have if she'd actually caused any trouble, 
melissa: but I almost feel like I should be the one paying her extra.
darkness: That's quite the praise coming from you. It must mean Mel really was a big help.
melissa: Better than you lot ever have been.
megumin: Excuse me?! What's that supposed to mean?!
chris: H-Hey, no need to fight. Mel is a lightning spirit, after all. She was a big help against the monsters. 
chris: Although...
mel: Prank prank prank prank prank prank prank prank... 
mel: Ahhh! 
mel: I mustn't, I mustn't, I mustn't, I mustn't, 
mel: I MUST NOT!!!
kazuma: Is she possessed or something?!
aqua: What's wrong with her?
melissa: She's been like that for a while now... She wasn't injured but she can't seem to breathe properly.
squall: Playing pranks is a spirit's instinct. Going against her nature may be taxing her psyche.
darkness: It seems being unable to relieve herself through pranking is causing her distress.
megumin: So... For her, not being able to play jokes is like me being told not to use explosion magic. I could never!
kazuma: Great... If your guesses really are right, that's going to make dealing with her even more of a pain...
aqua: What are you talking about, Kazuma? Even you have days you can't help yourself. 
aqua: Remember when we were in the stables?
kazuma: Aaaaaaaaahhh!!! N-Nothing happened! She's lying!
kazuma: A-Anyway! Forcing someone to hold back too much is bad for their health. Let's all make sure she doesn't overdo it.
