Friendship for This Lonely Spirit! - P6
daniel_troll: *Pant pant* It seems my time asleep weakened me more than I had imagined.
aqua: Pft! Hehehe, that's what we call being a sore loser!
daniel_troll: Say what you wish, for we shall be the ones who 
daniel_troll: laugh last! Wyvern, come to me!
Wyvern: Gyaaahhh!
daniel_troll: You haven't seen the last of us! Come, Charlie!
charlie_troll: Right away, Lord Daniel!
erica: They're that far away already?! 
erica: They sure can run fast.
squall: Leave them be. Mel is our concern.
mel: I'm not hurt...
darkness: That's a relief. 
darkness: Have you calmed down a little? We were extremely worried, Mel.
mel: That's...a lie...
ynyn: Mel, you kept talking about a chime, and us lying. What do you mean?
mel: This 
mel: magic item told me you were.
kazuma: I knew it! That's the piece of garbage that caused me 
kazuma: so much trouble when I was being questioned by the police!
mel: Those two gave it to me. I used it to ask all of you if you thought of me as your friend...
mel: But it chimed for every single person. 
aqua: What? It chimed for everyone?!
megumin: That is a bit peculiar, no? 
mel: Even now, you don't truly see me as a friend. Isn't that right, Kazuma?
kazuma: No, I— 
kazuma: !
mel: See?! It chimed again!
darkness: Kazuma... That isn't funny. Mel is pouring her heart out... 
darkness: I should be the only one here you mock. Preferably viciously.
erica: Kazuma, what about us? We're friends, right?
kazuma: I'm your producer! Of course we're friends! 
kazuma: What kind of person do—
megumin: That was clearly another chime.
kazuma: D-Don't look at me like that! There's obviously something 
kazuma: wrong with that thing!
squall: I actually agree. 
squall: Mel, do you mind if I take a look?
mel: It's not going to make a difference...
squall: Hm... Just as I thought. There are signs of tampering here. It's set to chime no matter the answer.
mel: What?!
squall: My guess would be those two tried to trick you into thinking you had no friends to lure them to their side.
kazuma: See, I told you! 
kazuma: None of you believed me!
lia: Hehe. We'll trust you this one time.
kazuma: That goes for you too, Mel. Stop trusting that stupid thing and believe in your friends!
mel: Believe...in my friends...?
kazuma: That's right. We all consider you a friend. So if you feel the same way about us, 
kazuma: then trust us!
cielo: Kazuma sure can say some nice things once in a while.
aqua: You think? Sounds like he's just trying to save his own hide to me.
kazuma: She knows! 
kazuma: Still, it's to help Mel in the end.
mel: Kazuma... Everyone... 
mel: I'm so sorry for doubting you! I want to try believing in my friends!
kazuma: Everything worked out!
kazuma: Now, with that taken care of, let's celebrate! 
kazuma: Cheers!
aqua: *Glug glug glug* 
aqua: Ah, that's the stuff after a crazy day like today! 
mel: *Sigh*
megumin: Is something wrong? You still seem a bit blue.
mel: I just... I'm always causing problems, aren't I? First my pranks, and now this...
mel: I don't understand why you would still be my friends...
ynyn: Th-That's not true at all! I told you this afternoon, 
ynyn: remember?! 
ynyn: I-I-I really want to be your friend, Mel!
ynyn: We all cause trouble sometimes! And we accept you for you—pranks and all!
mel: Really? You mean it? 
ynyn: Of course I do!
mel: Thank you so much, Yunyun! As a sign of our friendship, would you mind... 
mel: shaking my hand?
ynyn: Really?! 
ynyn: Of course! I'm looking forward to being best—
ynyn: Aaahhh!
mel: Haha! You fell for my shocking surprise!
squall: Mel, are you playing pranks again?!
aqua: Don't be too hard on her. It's simply who she is.
megumin: She's been having a hard time lately. And besides...
ynyn: Being pranked like this... It really makes me feel like 
ynyn: we're great friends!
megumin: She doesn't seem to mind too much.
aqua: Those two might actually be a perfect fit.
kazuma: Looks like Mel is back to her old self. She's truly a good person deep down. We'll just have to keep an eye on her.
kazuma: We can overlook her causing a little trouble now and then.
ナレーション: Meanwhile, back at Daniel's castle...
daniel: We may have been defeated this time, but now I only desire the lightning spirit's power even more!
charlie: Inspiring as ever, Lord Daniel! I don't believe pretending to be her friend will work again though...
daniel: Yes, we will need another plan. 
daniel: Perhaps there is a way to obtain the power itself. We wouldn't even need the girl.
daniel: Charlie, let me see the Lightning's Bane.
charlie: Right here, sir! 
charlie: But how exactly is a magic item used for sealing spirits going to help us?
daniel: It may have been used for that purpose before, but is that all it's capable of??
daniel: I sense a untapped power emanating from this wondrous object. Let us examine it more thoroughly.
