Friendship for This Lonely Spirit! - P3
ナレーション: After their show ends, Axel Hearts begins their traditional post-performance meet and greet...
lia_stage: Thank you so much for coming to our shows. We hope to see 
lia_stage: you all again in the future.
Customer A: L-Lia! I-I'll do my very best to come watch every single one of your shows. I'm your—
mel: I'm terribly sorry, sir, but I'm afraid your time is up. We look forward to your continued support!
Customer A: Liaaaaaa!!!
Customer B: Could you do a cute pose for me?
erica_stage: Oh, but I'm always cute, obviously! But if you insist... 
erica_stage: If I tilt my head a little, how is this? 
Customer B: Aaaaaaaaah!!! You're the cutest girl in the whole world!
mel: All right. Time's up, sir.
cielo_stage: The secret to being a dancer? Hm... If I had to pick one thing, it would probably 
cielo_stage: be determination!
Customer C: That's our Cielo! Could you share some of that determination with me?! A right hook to my cheek should be more than—
mel: I'm afraid we don't offer that sort of service, sir. All right, next please.
Customer C: Cieloooooo!!!
erica_stage: Mel is doing such a great job! I guess Kazuma wasn't kidding 
erica_stage: when he said she'd turned a new leaf. 
Customer D: I haven't seen you here before. Are you a new staff member?
mel: Yes I am! My name's Mel, it's nice to meet you.
Customer D: You're way too cute to just be a staff member!
Customer A: I was just thinking the same thing! You must be the fourth wonder of this theater!
mel: What? No, I'm nowhere near their level...
Customer B: Are you going to perform with the group?
mel: M-Me?! Perform?! 
mel: I do enjoy singing, but...
Customer C: I hope we see you on stage next time!
Customers: Mel, you're so cute! I'm a fan!
mel: E-Everyone's looking at me! If I were to fire off some 
mel: lightning right now, I bet they'd all scream!
mel: Oh, no! I mustn't! I can't give in to temptation 
mel: or all my hard work up until now will be wasted!
mel: Mel, you must... resist...the urge... *Pant pant*
mel: I'm back...
kazuma: Welcome back... Mel?! 
kazuma: What's wrong? You don't look so good.
mel: D-Don't worry. I promise I haven't pulled any pranks. I was really helpful to everyone. Promise.
darkness: You look like you can barely stand. What happened? 
darkness: Here, come sit here. 
megumin: Is this what Squall mentioned? Are you having withdrawal symptoms from not playing any pranks?
aqua: I'm worried about you. Maybe you should take a break from helping people. Just for a little.
kazuma: Agreed. Mel, why don't you rest here for a bit?
mel: I'm sorry. I don't want to be any trouble...
kazuma: Don't worry about it. Compared to the trouble from all the pranks you've pulled, 
kazuma: this is nothing.
mel: Did my pranks really cause that much trouble for everyone?
mel: ...
ナレーション: As Mel was resting at Kazuma's, Daniel was busy analyzing the Lightning's Bane relic he'd stolen from Squall...
charlie: We've done it, Lord Daniel! The magical sealing relic is in our possession!
daniel: With the threat of Mel 's sealing gone, we are 
daniel: one step closer to claiming the lightning spirit's power.
charlie: Still, this Mel is much more powerful than I even imagined.
daniel: Shockingly so. The power she released was on par with that of 
daniel: Thor's Hammer's. Perhaps even stronger.
charlie: What is your plan for luring the young girl to our side, Lord Daniel?
daniel: A good question. After watching her, I get the feeling there is darkness brewing underneath her childlike exterior.
charlie: I take it that's where we're going to strike?
daniel: As long as we choose our words very carefully, we will be able to manipulate her to our heart's content.
charlie: Oh, how evil! No wonder you were nearly a general in the 
charlie: Devil King's army! Your words alone radiate pure wickedness!
daniel: Hehe, that sweet talk won't earn you any rewards, Charlie.
daniel: We shall have our revenge on Kazuma Satou and rejoin the 
daniel: ranks of the Devil King's army! Then Lia shall be mine!
charlie: Isn't that normally where one would say "the world"? He really 
charlie: doesn't aim big enough, does he?
daniel: Now, let's not waste any more valuable time. We must return to that fateful town... 
daniel: To Axel!
charlie: Aye-aye, sir!
