Friendship for This Lonely Spirit! - P4
ナレーション: Troubled by her withdrawal symptoms from not having played any pranks, a disheartened Mel heads home...
mel: *Sigh* I need to keep helping everyone to make up for 
mel: my pranks. If I don't, 
mel: they'll never be my friends.
mel: *Sigh*
daniel: Happiness escapes you every time you sigh, you know.
mel: Huh? Aren't you...?
daniel: Good afternoon, Mel. It has been far too long, my dear. It is I, your savior Daniel, as well as my companion...
charlie: Charlie!
mel: Oh, right. You're those gross trolls.
charlie: ...! I consider myself very cute, gorgeous even!
daniel: That was quite a close call the other day. If we hadn't been there, that beast Squall would have surely sealed you away.
daniel: You and your pranks seem to have a knack for causing trouble.
mel: Th-That's not true at all! Squall had already decided 
mel: not to seal me away!
mel: Why exactly did you steal the Lightning's Bane?
daniel: I would have thought that was obvious. 
daniel: We were trying to protect you from the dangers of its sealing powers.
mel: F-For me? Why would you go so far to help someone you barely know?
daniel: I did so because I sincerely hope to be friends with you.
mel: Y-You want to be my friend? 
mel: Wait, really?!
mel: No! I'm naive enough to be tricked by your lies anymore.
mel: Besides, I already have lots of friends! You two can't trick me!
daniel: Hmph. You have lots of friends, do you? 
daniel: Are you absolutely certain of that, my dear?
mel: O-Of course. There's Kazuma, Aqua, Megumin, Darkness... They're all my good friends.
charlie: Are you really sure of that? Sure, you think of them as dear friends. But do they?
mel: Wh-What?
daniel: These supposed friends of yours... Have they ever actually told you that they consider you a friend?
mel: W-Well, not exactly...
charlie: Everyone has moments of doubt, moments they worry if their loved ones truly care for them.
daniel: When in doubt... Ta-da! 
daniel: All you need is this handy-dandy magical lie detector!
charlie: Wow! How in the world does it work, Lord Daniel?!
daniel: This magic item will react to any lie told by those around you by making a small, chiming sound.
daniel: It is an incredibly accurate tool used by public prosecutors who work for the kingdom.
mel: ... 
mel: What am I supposed to do with that?
daniel: You could, for example, use this to ask your friends what they think of you. If they answer yes and the device is silent...
daniel: That means they were telling the truth and you truly 
daniel: are friends. However, if you hear a chime... 
charlie: It means that person is telling a lie and they do NOT in 
charlie: fact think of you as a friend!
mel: So you're saying with that, I could tell what everyone really thinks of me? 
daniel: Precisely. Would you like to give it a try?
mel: Y-Yes please! Thank you so much! I'm going to try it out right now!
charlie: Hehehe... That went perfectly!
daniel: Of course it did. With our superb acting skills, deceiving a single, friendship-starved girl is child's play.
charlie: Tampering with the lie detector so it chimes regardless of the answer given was truly inspired! 
charlie: How incredibly shrewd!
daniel: Mel has a crushing fear of being alone. I am certain she come running back soon.
mel: Kazuma! Are you here, Kazuma?!
kazuma: Mel? I thought you were going home.
aqua: You look a little better. How are you feeling?
mel: A ton better! You were right. I just needed to rest up. But that's not why I'm here. 
mel: K-Kazuma!
kazuma: H-Huh? What is it? You seem worried. 
mel: I want to ask you a question. Do you think of me as a friend?
kazuma: That's kind of a strange question 
kazuma: to be asking after everything we've been through. Of course we're friends.
mel: It can't be... Did the lie detector just chime...?
kazuma: Hm? What was that sound? And why do I feel like 
kazuma: I've heard it before...?
mel: Is it true? Kazuma really doesn't think of me as a friend?
mel: *Sob*
kazuma: What?! Hey, Mel!
aqua: She must be appalled at the thought of being friends with you.
kazuma: That was uncalled for.
aqua: But do you think she's all right? She was crying when she ran off.
kazuma: I don't know... I'm worried now though.
mel: Mia! Amy! Please, can I ask you a question?! Do you both 
mel: think of me as a friend?!
miia: Of course! Mia and Mel are great friends!
Amy: Yes, I think of you as a dear friend as well.
mel: The magical lie detector reacted again...
miia: Hm? What's that? Can I take a look?
mel: ... 
mel: I'm sorry!
miia: Where are you going, Mel?!
mel: Hey! Do you think of me as a friend?!
lia: Naturally! 
lia: But why are you asking?
erica: I mean, yes, but you're all more like fans to me!
cielo: Oh, don't listen to Erika. 
cielo: Of course we think of you as a friend first!
mel: The lie detector went off again...
mel: *Sob*
mel: No matter who I asked, the lie detector kept chiming. 
mel: I really don't have a single friend!
ynyn: Oh, hi there Mel! I didn't expect to run into you here!
mel: Yunyun... 
mel: Do you think of me as a friend?
ynyn: What?! A f-f-friend?!
mel: Does that mean you don't...?
ynyn: Am I dreaming? No one's ever asked ME this before. 
ynyn: This is a once in a lifetime opportunity!
ynyn: O-O-Of course we're friends! 
ynyn: I hope one day we can be best, best friends!
mel: Another chime... 
mel: So you're lying too, then?
ynyn: Huh? Chime?
mel: Do all of you enjoy playing with people's feelings? Is it fun?! 
mel: Well I don't need your pity, so go away!
ynyn: Mel, come back! I thought we were friends now!
