A Play Starring This Unlucky Yet Fortunate Hero! - P4
ナレーション: The adventurers gathered at the stage to rehearse their performance celebrating the guild's reopening.
darkness: You've achieved a lot in just a few days.
aqua: I read and re-read the script so the stage would be as true to the story as I could get! 
mitsurugi: It's so detailed, Lady Aqua! 
mitsurugi: You truly have the craftsmanship of a professional! 
aqua: Hehe! When you've got it, you've got it! 
komekko: Sis, I'm hungry! 
megumin: Shush. You'll have to wait until the meeting ends. 
kazuma: All right, thanks for coming today, everybody. 
kazuma: The stage is all set, so let's start rehearsing!
arue: How about we get right to it with a read through? If you have any questions, just ask.
mel: Thanks! Let's do it! 
squall: Hm? This part right here... I'm fairly certain we weren't there when Kazuma fought the Devil King's army.
arue: I made some changes since the play can only be so long. 
arue: But it still fulfills all of the client's requests. 
arue: The requests are more like greedy desires, though. 
wiz: Greedy desires? 
dust: Since this is pervy Kazuma we're talking about, I bet it's him with a bunch of ladies. 
lean: I think you're confusing Kazuma with yourself. 
kazuma: Exactly. 
kazuma: I only asked Arue for one thing. 
kazuma: I requested that she record the truth, truthfully.
arue: It's not finished yet, but this is the 
arue: story of how one man came to be called a hero...
arue: Long ago, in a land untold... 
arue: Lived a handsome young man with excellent grades. However, despite his perfection, Kazuma Satou remained ever modest.
megumin: And the lies begin... 
kazuma: Hey! 
kazuma: Don't interrupt. Shush.
arue: The ladies fell over themselves for him. Unfortunately for them, Kazuma was utterly devoted to his lover. 
aqua: What? He never had a lover, in fact—
kazuma: Shut up! 
kazuma: Just listen till the end! 
arue: However, one day... His beloved was attacked and slain by a most fearsome monster.
arue: Overcome with grief, the talented Kazuma Satou hid away his gifts and took on the lowest of job classes, the adventurer.
dust: What a stinking lie. 
lean: Quiet, Dust. 
lean: Although, I do have a few reservations myself... 
arue: Perhaps it was his charismatic nature, but friends and women alike still flocked to him even as a pitiable adventurer. 
arue: Then, one day, 
arue: he rescued a female adventurer in trouble. 
arue: This woman was the spitting image of his lost love.
wiz: How romantic... 
wiz: This is about Kazuma, right? I had no idea. 
wiz: You truly can never know what a person has been through... 
darkness: You also truly can never believe everything you hear, Wiz. 
arue: In Axel, the lady adventurers, the guild receptionist, even the prosecutor: many maidens fell victim to Kazuma's charms.
arue: Obtuse as he was, however, Kazuma remained blind to them all. 
mel: Kazuma's got it going on! 
mel: I never realized he was such a ladies' man.
megumin: You know, me neither! 
megumin: Mainly because it's all completely made up. 
kazuma: "Completely" is a bit harsh. There's some truth in there. 
kazuma: Even if it's really only "some"... 
arue: The Devil King's army chose this moment to attack Axel. Verdia, general to the Devil King himself, had arrived!
arue: In quick succession, a Destroyer, Hans, Sylvia, and even more of the Devil King's generals launched their attack!
squall: Oh, this part of the story I've heard. 
squall: They say Kazuma really proved his prowess in that fight. 
arue: The mighty Kazuma Satou was outnumbered! He was pressed from all sides, and no one would have blamed him for retreating.
arue: And yet, though the ladies tried, 
arue: they could not stop Kazuma from rising up to engage the fearsome enemy!
kazuma: It was hard, but I had to do it. 
kazuma: It was my duty! 
arue: Finally, after a hard fight, Kazuma defeated the Destroyer and fought back the generals! 
arue: He then married all of his many admirers and lived happily ever after.
kazuma: So what'd you think? Pretty awesome, huh? 
aqua: Yeah, pretty awesome nonsense! 
darkness: A complete farce. 
megumin: Absolutely nothing like what I remember. 
wiz: And who was that woman who looked like your past lover? 
kazuma: All right, all right. No need to get worked up about the details. Let's jump right into rehearsals!
mitsurugi: I'm not really in the mood. 
mitsurugi: I can't believe you made Lady Aqua works so hard to create a stage for this story...
megumin: What about all of my brave deeds?! 
megumin: I demand a rewrite! 
darkness: M-Maybe you should add a crusader forced to suffer atrocities by the Devil King's army. 
darkness: I'd be happy to play— 
kazuma: Shut up! 
kazuma: You've all witnessed my great feats firsthand. Why can't you just accept my masterpiece?! 
kazuma: So I'm the hero, of course, but we still need a heroine. 
kazuma: Raise your hand if you want to play my beautiful lover! 
lean: Well, I'd be fine with pretty much any role, but... 
lean: I'm not so sure about that one... 
wiz: I must agree... 
Aqua, Megumin, Darkness: Absolutely not! 
arue: How about you draw lots? 
mel: Sounds good to me!  
mel: I just hope my part has lots of friends. 
kazuma: Why don't any of you want to play my heroine?! 
