A Play Starring This Unlucky Yet Fortunate Hero! - P5 
ナレーション: To perform Arue's story starring Kazuma, the actors decided to draw lots for the roles they would play...
kazuma: Okay, let's see what everyone got. 
darkness: I'm playing Verdia. Wait, does this mean...my head's going 
darkness: to be brutally 
darkness: kicked around like a degraded soccer ball?!
megumin: Sylvia?! I've got to play the lady who attacked my village?! 
aqua: Don't be so picky... Wait, hold on. Why am I the Destroyer?! 
aqua: I demand 
aqua: a do-over! 
mitsurugi: I'm Adventurer A...
squall: Adventurer B. 
dust: And I'm C. 
kazuma: Oh, your parts all support me as lead. 
kazuma: Should be nice and easy since there aren't many lines.
wiz: U-Um, Kazuma? What's this role? 
kazuma: Congrats, Wiz. 
kazuma: That's the role of my lover. 
wiz: Whaaat?!
kazuma: This means you're also my lost love. 
kazuma: So you've got two important roles!
wiz: S-Should I really play someone I've never met?
megumin: His "lost love" never really existed, so you can do whatever you want.
kazuma: Cut it out. This is serious. 
kazuma: You'll do your best, right, Wiz?
lean: What about this part? It says "Kazuma Party Member"...
mel: Oh, mine says the same thing.
kazuma: You guys are my adventuring party. You're my admiring followers who hang on my every word.
mitsurugi: None of these people ever existed!
kazuma: Don't sweat the details! What's important is that it FEELS true. 
kazuma: Now, our performance is coming up, so start practicing!
arue: Hehe, allow me to provide the narration. 
arue: I'm looking forward to this play.
luna: We're ready to begin! Please enjoy this play celebrating the guild's renovations, 
luna: brought to you by these talented adventurers!
dust: It doesn't look like it's been renovated though, does it?
lean: Hmm... Well, it looks a bit nicer inside...maybe? 
lean: It's hard to tell, though, since the design is the same.
luna: Now, without further ado, I present Kazuma Satou and 
luna: the rest of this wonderful cast!
Narrator: There once lived a handsome hero named Kazuma Satou. His tremendous skills and good grades drew admirers from far and wide.
kazuma: What'll I do? I'm almost at a thousand admirers! What a bind... 
kazuma: Whoa, who're you?
Sylvia: Mwahahahaha! You did well to make it this far. I'm impressed!
Patron A: Wow, the Devil King's general is there from the beginning!
kazuma: S-Sylvia?! 
kazuma: You're not supposed to be here yet!
Sylvia: Silence! The victor always makes the first move!
kazuma: It's not in the script, but I guess the audience is enjoying it? 
kazuma: Damn show-off... 
kazuma: Can't stop the play now, though.
Narrator: In Axel, Kazuma had a fateful reunion with someone from his past...
kazuma: Y-You're...!
Dead Lover Doppelganger: Have we met before?
kazuma: N-No. Sorry. 
kazuma: For a moment, I thought you were someone who was very dear to me...
Dead Lover Doppelganger: Oh dear, you seem to have been through a lot... 
Dead Lover Doppelganger: I'm always available, if you ever need to talk.
Adventurer C: Oy, you must be that adventurer who's been throwing his weight 'round here recently, eh?
Adventurer A: And look that woman he's brought... We'll show you what happens to people who like to show off! 
Adventurer A: Gahahaha!
Adventurer B: Now, now. There's no need to get worked up.
Adventurers A, C: Boss!
Adventurer B: You're Kazuma Satou, eh? Hmph. You look as fierce as they say!
kazuma: Want to find out for yourself?
Kazuma Party Member B: I wouldn't if I were you! Not only is Kazuma ultra cool, 
Kazuma Party Member B: he's the strongest man you'll ever meet!
Kazuma Party Member A: Yeah, our Kazuma is the greatest! 
Kazuma Party Member A: He's a skilled cook and good with kids! Perfect husband material!
Patron A: Why is this dialogue so strange...?
Verdia: Oh my, is this a bad time?
kazuma: Wh-Who're are you?!
Verdia: I, one of the Devil King's generals, have recently taken residence in a nearby castle. 
Verdia: I've decided to destroy this unsightly town, 
Verdia: and slay all who dwell here!
kazuma: I won't allow it! I'll protect the townsfolk!
Kazuma Party Member B: One of the Devil King's generals? 
Kazuma Party Member B: We'll be killed! Lord Kazuma, we have to get out of here!
kazuma: I can't run away... 
kazuma: I have to keep everyone safe!
Destroyer: Grrr...
Destroyer: Grrraaaaaargh!
Adventurer B: Wh-What is that?!
Adventurer A: It's the Mobile Fortress Destroyer! Its powers are legendary, Boss!
Adventurer C: We don't stand a chance against a Devil King general and the Destroyer at the same time! 
Adventurer C: There is only one man who can save us now!
kazuma: I'm afraid even my strength may not be enough... 
kazuma: But I won't ever back down! 
kazuma: Because that's what it means to be a hero!
Kazuma Party Members: Aaah! Hold me, Kazuma!
kazuma: Bring it on, the both of you!
squall: Awooo!
kazuma: My blade of justice shall strike you— 
kazuma: Squall! What're you howling for? This part's good, so don't interr—
squall: A
squall: wooo!
dust: Kazuma, make Squall stop! He saw a spider backstage and started howling!
kazuma: Oh, that's not so bad... 
kazuma: Wait...calm down!
squall: Grrraaaaaarrr!!! 
squall: Begone from my sight, vermin!
Patron A: Hey, that boss guy is running wild! I didn't realize he was the type to call a hero vermin...
Patron B: Impressive... He must've been the real villain all along! What a great plot twist! I wanna see what happens next!
aqua: Hey, wait. What am I supposed to do as the Destroyer now?
darkness: We don't have time for that. 
darkness: We've got our hands full already...
megumin: Should I fire off an Explosion? I'm sure the crowd'll go wild.
kazuma: No, don't! Are you trying to destroy the guild?! 
kazuma: We have to stop Squall, everyone!
