A Play Starring This Unlucky Yet Fortunate Hero! - P3
luna: We're doing some remodeling at the guild soon. I was hoping you could 
luna: put on a play to celebrate.
kazuma: I don't have the time to organize something like that.
luna: Oh, won't you reconsider? 
luna: The play you did last time was quite popular. I was really hoping you'd do another.
luna: I understand you're also trying to improve your image. Don't you think a play would help you with that?
kazuma: I don't really see how... 
kazuma: Besides, if you're celebrating a grand re-opening, you should hire somebody more prof—
luna: There's no need to be so modest. Who could help us more than the charismatic adventurer, Kazuma Satou?!
kazuma: C-Charismatic...
kazuma: adventurer?
luna: More than a few guild members I spoke to mentioned how cool you looked during your last performance. It was pretty popular with the ladies.
kazuma: Popular with the ladies? Other adventurers think I'm cool?
luna: If you put on a play about your accomplishments, I'm sure it would help rehabilitate your repu—
kazuma: I'm in! I'll do it! 
kazuma: So I'll be asking all of you to take part in the play.
megumin: Great... You seriously fell for her tricks and got us roped into another troublesome job?
kazuma: I couldn't turn down someone in need of my help! 
kazuma: After all, I'm Kazuma, the charismatic adventurer!
darkness: She really is a master manipulator. Though I suppose if 
darkness: we do this right, it'll help Kazuma's image.
aqua: This could be the opportunity we've been waiting for! 
aqua: Besides, a play sounds like fun, don't you think?
megumin: I suppose. It'll be a great chance to showcase our greatest achievements.
squall: Now that repairs on the wall are finished, we can help with the production as well.
mel: I've never been in a play before! I can't wait!
kazuma: Oh, you can sit this one out, Mel.
mel: It'll be my first time, though! I'm looking forward to—
kazuma: Thank you, but that's alright.
mel: But I can—
kazuma: Take the hint already!
mel: Wh-Why can't I help? Did I do something wrong?
kazuma: Yes! Many things, in fact! If I let you help, I know you'll pull some prank that ruins everything! You won't be able to help yourself!
aqua: I'm sure it'll be fine. Besides, this is going to be a lot of work. We'll need the extra hands.
darkness: It wouldn't be right to force her to just sit out, either.
mel: I...
kazuma: ...
kazuma: Fine, but no pranks, got it? 
kazuma: And I'm the lead this time.
mel: Of course! Thank you so much!
aqua: How many actors do you think we'll need?
megumin: We'll need a script, too. And I know just who to ask!
arue: A screenplay for the Axel guild, you say? 
arue: Color me intrigued. You can count on me.
aqua: Are you sure you're okay with all of Kazuma's requests, though? These stories are bold-faced lies.
kazuma: How dare you! 
kazuma: It's important to capture the FEELING of the moment too, Aqua. 
kazuma: You can't deny that I've saved the town more than a few times!
arue: Would someone else be better suited 
arue: for this job? 
arue: No? Then stop worrying and leave the writing to me!
komekko: Sis, can I be in the play too?
megumin: Sure. We're still looking for actors to fill all the roles.
darkness: Since we're celebrating the guild's renovations, I'm sure some of the other adventurers would be willing to help.
kazuma: Hehe... 
kazuma: The time is fast approaching 
kazuma: when all of Axel shall weep in awe at the deeds of the valiant Kazuma Satou!
Wiz, Dust, Rin: ...A play?
mitsurugi: Why are we holding another play here, of all places?
mel: It's to express our gratitude for the organization that supports us! 
mel: We would love for you to participate!
lean: That sounds fun! I'm in!
dust: Sounds annoying. I'll pass. 
lean: C'mon, you've benefited a lot from this place, haven't you? 
lean: Have a sense of decency and stop complaining! 
aqua: Naturally, you're coming too, right Wiz?
wiz: Y-You have a scary look in your eyes... 
wiz: I-I'll come! So please stop doing whatever you're doing! 
mitsurugi: I'm also happy to help. How could I refuse a request from Lady Aqua? 
darkness: Do you think we should ask Lia and the others, Kazuma? 
kazuma: If we do, 
kazuma: people'll start weird rumors again, saying their producer strong-armed them into the play 
kazuma: or something. 
kazuma: Besides, all our roles are filled. 
squall: Yes, this play is becoming something rather extraordinary. 
kazuma: Exactly. My popularity's going to be sky-high after this! 
