A Play Starring This Unlucky Yet Fortunate Hero! - P2
ナレーション: The rumors of Kazuma forcing Mel to pull pranks caused Kazuma's reputation in Axel to plummet...
kazuma: How dare everyone look at me like I'm a piece of human garbage! 
kazuma: They're all crazy!
darkness: If these rumors about Kazuma continue, he'll likely be 
darkness: driven out of town, or subjected to Sena's questioning again.
kazuma: I'll pass on both of those! What kind of person do these people think I am? 
kazuma: I've saved this town countless times!
kazuma: The dullahan, the Destroyer, and again when Daniel showed up! They should be calling 
kazuma: me Axel's savior by now!
kazuma: I know! I just need to remind everyone of what I've done! 
kazuma: It's time for Operation: Boost Kazuma's Public Image!
Aqua, Megumin, Darkness: Operation: Boost Kazuma's Public Image?
cecily: A flyer here... A flyer there... How am I doing, 
cecily: Lady Aqua?
aqua: Perfect! 
aqua: Mixing publicity posters for Kazuma in with our Order of Axis flyers is a fine plan, 
aqua: if I do say so myself!
cecily: "For a better Axel! As a former shut-in NEET, the kind, 
cecily: strong Kazuma is a welcome ray of hope!"
cecily: This is certain to improve Kazuma's popularity around town!
aqua: Yeah! Look, Cecily. We've only just started putting up the 
aqua: flyers and people are already noticing them!
Townsperson A: ...The kind, strong Kazuma? Is this an ad for new followers?
Townsperson B: I can't believe Kazuma became the poster boy for the Order of Axis. Maybe those rumors about him are true.
Townsperson C: I figured he was the type who'd do anything to get what he wanted, but this... This is a whole new low.
aqua: Looks like the news is already spreading!
cecily: Yeah, this was a master stroke, Lady Aqua! We'll rehabilitate Kazuma's reputation and recruit new followers at the same time!
aqua: How would you like to join the Order of Axis?!
cecily: For a limited time, we're offering a special grape-flavored jelly slime to all new devotees!
megumin: That's the gist of it. Do you think it's possible?
lia_stage: Of course! It's no trouble at all.
cielo_stage: Kazuma's always looked out for us, it's really the least we can do.
erica_stage: You just want us to talk about Kazuma's good points during 
erica_stage: our show? Then I'll give him the cutest compliments of all!
darkness: Sorry for asking for a professional favor. We just want to help him however we can.
Fans: Whoooooo! Axel Hearts rocks!
lia_stage: Thank you, everyone!
cielo_stage: And now, here's what you've all been waiting for! 
cielo_stage: Bright Show!
erica_stage: Let's hear that excitement! 
erica_stage: Are you ready? Repeat after me!
Fans: Yes!!!
cielo_stage: Go, Axel!
Fans: Go, Axel!
lia_stage: Thank you, Kazuma, for being our producer!
Fans: Thank you, Kazuma, for being our producer!
erica_stage: Axel Hearts owes its success to Kazuma!
Fans: Axel Hearts...owes...Kazuma?
cielo_stage: He's the best producer there is! 
cielo_stage: Kazuma's a wonderful person!
Fan A: Kazuma's...a wonderful person?
Fan B: Hey, what is this about? They've never said anything like this during a show before.
erica_stage: Huh? 
erica_stage: U-Um...
Fan C: It was really unnatural, too. You don't think this Kazuma guy is forcing them to say this stuff, do you?!
Fan A: That must be it! Our poor Axel Hearts are being threatened by Kazuma! He's the absolute worst!
cielo_stage: W-Wait a moment! Hold on!
Fan B: I heard Kazuma is some sort of prank-obsessed weirdo. What other strange things is he forcing Axel Hearts to do?!
Fan C: Kazuma is the worst kind of scum!
lia_stage: Calm down, everyone!
megumin: Maybe this was a bad idea... 
megumin: At this rate, the crowd is going to riot!
darkness: This has blown up in our faces. 
darkness: We've got to stop the fans!
kazuma: Aqua and the others were supposed to help me with these rumors, but they're only getting worse... 
kazuma: What's happening?
luna: Hello, Mr. Satou. I understand you're having a bit of trouble at the moment.
kazuma: Oh, hello Miss Luna... 
kazuma: Please just leave me alone right now.
luna: Oh, don't be that way. 
luna: As it happens, I have an idea that just might help improve your image!
kazuma: You say that, but all you ever do is push jobs on me that nobody else wants!
luna: Th-That's not true. This isn't anything 
luna: like that... Would you at least hear me out?
kazuma: Fine, but I'm not promising that I'll help.
