A Play Starring This Unlucky Yet Fortunate Hero! - P6
squall: Grrraaaaaarrr! I won't let a single one of you vermin escape!
megumin: Squall, please calm down! The spiders are gone.
squall: Foul pests!!!
darkness: It's no good. There's no getting through to him!
lean: Wake up, Squall!
dust: Might be better if he really was asleep, y'know? 
dust: Should we try singing a lullaby?
mel: A lullaby...?
aqua: Good idea! 
aqua: Hush little baby, don't say a word... ♪
squall: Grrraaaaaarrr! You vermin won't escape my wrath!
aqua: Aaah! 
aqua: That didn't help at all!
kazuma: We need to act quick, or the audience will—
mel: Lalala... La la la... ♪
kazuma: ...Mel?
Patron A: What a beautiful voice... This play has a musical number, too?
Patron B: I think my mother used to sing this to me...
squall: ...
squall: Zzz...
kazuma: Huh? What the...?!
mitsurugi: Is he asleep?
wiz: I never knew Mel had such a lovely singing voice. 
wiz: Her music is laced with magic, too.
mel: La la la la... ♪ 
mel: Phew... Thank you very much for watching.
Patron A: Bravo!
Patron B: What a great song to end the play!
kazuma: Huh? 
kazuma: Wait, we can't end here! 
kazuma: I haven't said my best lines yet—
arue: This concludes today's performance. Thank you very much for watching.
kazuma: Damn it all!
squall: Sorry, if I hadn't lost my head back there...
aqua: There's no need to apologize, Squall.
arue: On the contrary, you brought a lot of excitement to a rather tired story.
mel: The audience seemed pretty happy by the end of the play.
darkness: I'm not sure how much it helped improve Kazuma's image, though.
megumin: Yeah, I forgot that was the whole reason for this. It completely slipped my mind.
kazuma: You shouldn't forget something so important. 
kazuma: Ah... Bubbly really hits the spot after a night like this...
kazuma: The success of the play aside, people only have negative things to say about me... 
kazuma: They think even worse of me now.
arue: Are these the exit surveys? Let's see...
darkness: "A man made of lies." 
darkness: "As if a lowly adventurer could ever pull that off." 
darkness: "Kazuma lies as often as he steals panties." "What a fraud."
darkness: ...
aqua: It's all true! *Snicker*
kazuma: No! 
kazuma: I've had it!
mel: Well, I certainly enjoyed the play! 
mel: It's been a while since I've sang, too.
wiz: Good evening!
mitsurugi: Thanks for inviting me. Great job today, everyone! Lady Aqua, especially.
kazuma: What're you all doing here? I never invited anyone...
megumin: I did! They were generous enough to perform in your play, 
megumin: so I thought a little thanks were in order.
arue: Hmph, very true. It is only natural for a hero—
arue: no, a person—to repay a debt of gratitude.
dust: Which means you're going to feed us, right?
aqua: Of course he will! 
aqua: After all, he's Kazuma, the richest, smartest, and handsomest adventurer anyone's ever seen! The perfect man! 
lean: And he's generous, too!
dust: Yeah— So bring out the bubbly! Don't hold back on us! 
dust: We're gonna drink until dawn! Kazuma's treat!
mitsurugi: Celebrating alongside Lady Aqua... 
mitsurugi: I'm so glad I went through with that strange play!
kazuma: Spending my money while I'm distressed... 
kazuma: You're all heartless!
ナレーション: As Kazuma and his friends celebrated, a plot was brewing at Daniel's castle...
daniel: It's finally finished, Charlie...
charlie: Oh! Nice work! 
charlie: But...what did you finish? Did you finally frame Lia's autograph?
daniel: No! 
daniel: I mean, that's important, but wasn't what I was talking about. I finished analyzing that relic!
charlie: By "that relic," you mean... 
charlie: Oh, of course, the Lightning's Bane! An artifact that can seal away lightning spirits!
daniel: Correct. It has the power to knock out lightning spirits by absorbing their energy. 
daniel: However, my most recent analysis has revealed another use...
charlie: Oh, what is it?!
daniel: By thrusting the Lightning's Bane into the ground, one can transfer the energy it has absorbed 
daniel: into the earth itself!
charlie: It's like that time with Thor's Hammer... 
charlie: We'll be able to make the power of lightning ours!
daniel: More than that. If we store up enough energy...
charlie: We'll wield more power than ever before! 
charlie: That's brilliant, Lord Daniel! Nobody will be able to stop us!
daniel: Yes, the time of our revenge is nigh! 
daniel: Heheheh... Wait for me, Lia!
