A Play Starring This Unlucky Yet Fortunate Hero! - P1
ナレーション: Mel is back to normal and our cafe selling fresh Samuidoh veggies is booming. We're finally enjoying an easygoing life. 
ナレーション: At least, that's what I hope...
aqua_work: Pay attention, Kazuma! Watch this. If you crush these smaller bricks and apply them like so... See?!
kazuma_work: Whoa! That looks way better than it did a minute ago! Way to go, Aqua!
aqua_work: Heh! When it comes to repairing walls, nobody matches my skill! I'd be happy to give you a few pointers.
kazuma_work: Awesome. Then I'll treat you to some bubbly once we're done. 
kazuma_work: Hey, wait a minute! Why are we doing manual labor?!
squall: Kazuma, the repairs on this section are complete.
mel: Yeah, so if you have time to run your mouth, don't you think you have time to get working?
kazuma_work: Shut it, you! You're the reason we're stuck doing this in the first place!
ナレーション: A few days earlier...
luna: Who did this?! The quest board is covered in graffiti!
mel: I thought it looked a bit dull. 
mel: No need to thank me, of course! Ah, it sure feels good to play pranks again!
aqua: Mel! I realize playing pranks is in your nature, but that's going too far!
mel: Oh, calm down Aqua. Here, relax with some bubbly.
aqua: Oh, how thoughtful of you! 
aqua: *Cough* Wh-What is this?! It's super bitter!
mel: Hehehe! 
mel: It's my special batch of vegetable bubbly!
aqua: Urgh... That left a nasty taste in my mouth... 
aqua: I should have purified it and just had water instead.
megumin: She was doing well until a few days ago...but now her bad habits are back in full force.
squall: She even tried adding hair remover to my shampoo yesterday. 
squall: It would have been a catastrophe if I hadn't noticed.
darkness: Mel's really let loose since Yunyun said she was all right with being pranked.
kazuma: Her stress levels skyrocket if she resists 
kazuma: playing jokes on people, right? Spirits sure have it rough.
Boss: Kazumaaaaaa!!! Where are you?!
kazuma: Oh, hey. It's the boss from the construction site. What brings you here?
Boss: Kazuma! You're that lightning pipsqueak's guardian, right?
kazuma: Lightning pipsqueak? ...I take it you're talking about Mel? 
kazuma: What did she do this time?
Boss: Don't play dumb with me! Her lightning blew a giant hole into the city wall! I demand compensation!
kazuma: A giant hole?! Mel, what did you do?!
mel: Isn't a huge hole suddenly appearing in a wall hilarious? 
mel: It's just like you said, O mighty prankmaster!
Boss: What kind of ridiculous things are you teaching her, Kazuma? I'm holding you liable for this!
kazuma: I didn't teach her anything! She's playing another joke! I had nothing to do with this!
kazuma_work: Why is this happening? We're already tight on money after the beastman cafe fiasco and buying all those vegetables.
aqua_work: Kazuma, let's run away tonight. No matter how much work we do, we never seem to be better off. You'd think we'd be celebrities by now.
aqua_work: Maybe we should just forget all these odd jobs and escape somewhere far away.
mel: I'd like to apologize to the both of you. I didn't mean any 
mel: harm. And I really do respect Kazuma as my prankmaster.
mel: Yunyun even told me that I shouldn't resist my desire to play pranks, too.
kazuma_work: There's a time and place for these things, though. I also 
kazuma_work: told you that proper pranks make everyone laugh, remember?
kazuma_work: Look around you. Is anyone laughing?
mel: ...
mel: ...No, I suppose not.
darkness: It would actually be quite strange for someone to find this 
darkness: funny. Do...do you find human emotions confusing, Mel?
aqua_work: Oh, hey Megumin! Darkness!
megumin: How are the repairs going? We brought you a snack.
aqua_work: Wow, that was thoughtful of you. Let's work a bit more, 
aqua_work: and take a breather when we get to a good stopping place.
kazuma_work: How can she be so cheerful doing odd jobs? Please tell me 
kazuma_work: she hasn't forgotten about defeating the Devil King again.
darkness: Kazuma... We're actually here to give you some bad news.
kazuma_work: Hm? Did something happen?
megumin: Well, everyone around town is talking about you...
Axel Woman: That's him, isn't it?
Axel Woman: That man repairing the wall over there! He's the one putting wicked thoughts in that poor girl's head.
kazuma_work: ...Why is everyone glaring at me?
Axel Man: Corrupting an innocent spirit? I bet he controls her with the powers he used to defeat the Devil King generals!
kazuma_work: Hold on a second! Why is everyone acting like I'm an awful person?!
Axel Woman: I hear he steals girls' underwear and makes them wrestle each other in the slime of giant toads, too.
Axel Man: He deserves the name Kazutrash! We should report him to the authorities.
kazuma_work: Hey! You've got it all wrong! And please, don't report me, 
kazuma_work: beg you! I can't handle
kazuma_work: going back to that accursed jail!
megumin: Everything they said is true, though. Sounds to me like your bad behavior is finally catching up with you.
kazuma_work: I'm clearly the victim here! Why am I the only one who gets blamed 
kazuma_work: for terrible things?!
