Daily Life with This Stormy Spirit! - P1
squall: Hey! Pay attention! It only takes a moment of carelessness to cause an accident!
Worker A: I-I'm sorry, Squall. I haven't been sleeping much lately. I've been taking jobs day and night...
squall: I understand. You're having a child soon, right? 
squall: You're worried about making ends meet.
squall: But if you get hurt, all your hard work will be undone. The best way to protect your growing family is to keep yourself safe and healthy.
Worker A: I-I will, Squall! I'll do my best! Thank you!
Worker B: Squall! Could you have a look at these blueprints? I'd like to check my math...
squall: Let's see... Ah, you've made a rounding error here. You won't need so many materials. 
squall: That should bring the cost down a bit too.
Worker B: I was wondering why the numbers wouldn't add up. Thank you, Squall!
squall: No need to thank me. This was my fault, after all... 
squall: I'm just trying to make up for what I did.
Boss: Heh, you're a good guy. Hey! You all better work hard so Squall doesn't put you to shame, you hear?
Workers: Yessir! Loud and clear!
megumin: He's been working part-time since he broke that wall.
aqua: Seems he's really gotten the hang of things...
kazuma: Yeah, he's practically in charge of the rebuilding at this point.
darkness: Squall's polite and knowledgeable. 
darkness: His coworkers probably love having him around.
Boss: I've been at this job for decades now, but with you here, I'll be able to retire worry-free.
squall: Don't talk like that, Boss. 
squall: You motivate me to do my best. I still have much I want to learn from you.
Boss: ...Ngh, you're making me all teary-eyed.
aqua: I'm afraid that if we leave him here much longer, his boss'll hand over the business to him officially.
squall: Aqua? And Kazuma and everyone else, too. 
squall: You should have said hello sooner.
kazuma: We didn't want to interrupt your work. Looked like an important discussion.
squall: That was kind of you. 
squall: By the way, I should be able to repay the money you lent me for the damages in a few weeks. 
squall: You helped me get this job, too, so I owe you a lot.
kazuma: Well, I've helped others get jobs too, so there's no rush... 
kazuma: Wait, Mel's not with you?
squall: Ah, Mel is—
mel_kemo: Raaawr! Welcome!
megumin: Hello, Mel.
mel_kemo: Oh, the whole gang is here. Is something going on?
kazuma: We wanted to see how you were doing. 
kazuma: Make sure you were working hard and keeping out of trouble.
mel_kemo: No need to worry! 
mel_kemo: The most I've done is swap sugar for salt in someone's coffee.
darkness: That's exactly what Kazuma's worried about... 
darkness: Still, I'm glad you're well, Mel.
miia_maid: Hey there, Kazuma! What'll you be having? 
miia_maid: Meat? Are you having meat?!
kazuma: Nah, this place is famous for its Samuidoh veggies, right? 
kazuma: Give me your recommendation...
mel_kemo: Here's your menu. 
mel_kemo: Rawr!
kazuma: What's with that noise, by the way? Is that supposed to be a tiger?
mel_kemo: Rawr?
miia_maid: Here's your food! 
miia_maid: Who's having the veggie sticks and asparagus with bacon? And the onion gratin?
megumin: I am! And the gratin is for Darkness, please.
mel_kemo: And the our special spicy peperoncino with extra cabbage?
kazuma: Ah, that's mine... 
kazuma: Looks delicious! Hope it's good!
kazuma: ...Hot! This isn't just spicy— My mouth's on fire! 
kazuma: And the heat just keeps building! 
kazuma: It's so hot, it's painful! Ow ow!
aqua: Are you okay, Kazuma?! 
aqua: Here, have some water!
kazuma: *Gluggity glug glug* Phwaaa! 
kazuma: Thanks, Aqua. You saved me. 
kazuma: Mel... That was your doing, wasn't it?! 
kazuma: You added some super spicy hot sauce!
mel_kemo: No! ...Though the spice might just be my own special blend.
kazuma: That's even worse!
Customer A: Heh, looks like today's prank was a spicy one. You're something else, Mel.
Customer B: She's so cute, isn't she? We come here often just to see what she pulls next!
darkness: Looks like Mel's regulars are just as...unique...as Cielo's are...
megumin: I suppose there's no harm in it if they're all enjoying themselves.
lia: Hello. Is Mel around?
mel_kemo: Hi, Lia. Welcome. 
mel_kemo: Did you want me for something?
lia: Kazuma, you're here too? There's actually something important I wanted to discuss with you both. 
lia: Mel, I want you to perform in our show.
kazuma: Why her?
lia: Mel's singing is the talk of the town. People can't get it out of their head and 
lia: are desperate to hear it again.
lia: Mel, if you're okay with it, I want to have you as our official guest on stage.
mel_kemo: You bet! It sounds like loads of fun!
kazuma: Hold on. I don't like the sound—
aqua: How about we practice the choreography?
megumin: That sounds like a fine idea! 
megumin: The show is going to be a blast!
darkness: Mel's song was beautiful indeed. I'd also like to hear it again.
kazuma: Did you hear me? I don't think—
lia: I'm so glad we're all in agreement. 
lia: A warning, though, Mel. 
lia: Don't ruin our show with your pranks.
mel_kemo: I would never! 
mel_kemo: That prankster is no more!
mel_kemo: I'm ready to pour my heart into this. 
mel_kemo: I won't let you down! 
mel_kemo: Lia, it's dance time! Teach me all you know!
kazuma: I might as well be a ghost, for all the attention I'm paid... 
kazuma: Is this really going to be okay?
