Daily Life with This Stormy Spirit! - P3
ナレーション: In the midst of a thunderstorm, Daniel held the relic high...
daniel: Now we'll test the power of our new and improved Lightning's Bane!
charlie: I worry for your safety, my lord.
daniel: It's fine. I told you before, the Lightning's Bane releases the energy it absorbs when stuck into the ground.
daniel: We've simply altered the release target to be a living body. It is theoretically 
daniel: sound. 
charlie: That's the new and improved version! So that huge needle is now a small one for injections.
daniel: I would cry if I was stabbed with the original needle. 
daniel: It doesn't matter how old you are, large needles are scary.
charlie: If he's scared of the shot, how will he be able to withstand the lightning energy itself?
daniel: Okay! Let us commence, Charlie!
charlie: All right... Three, two... 
charlie: One!
daniel: I feel it! I feel the power!
charlie: The lightning is coming. Endure it the best you can!
daniel: Don't worry! I must withstand this in order to absorb Mel's immense power.
daniel: Arggghhh!
daniel: 　
charlie: L-Lord Daniel!
mel: *Sigh*
ynyn: Are you okay, Mel? 
mel: Yes I am! I'm just still glowing from yesterday.
mel: I 
mel: can hear the cheers calling my name! So this is the feeling of performing on a stage.
ynyn: While that sounds amazing, we're sort of in the middle of a game together... 
mel: I'm so glad it went off without a hitch! And I think everyone really had fun.
ynyn: Mel... 
ynyn: Anyway, that's check!
mel: How did you—?!
ynyn: That's what you get for daydreaming mid-match. Now, what's your move?
mel: I shouldn't have let my guard down. 
mel: This is still a competition, even if it's just a game! I won't lose!
mel: I'll move this piece here... 
mel: Comeback time! Check!
ynyn: I haven't played a game this heated in ages! 
ynyn: It really is fun against a worthy opponent!
ynyn: And with a f-friend—
mel: I wonder if Lia and them will invite me to be their guest again? 
mel: If so, I better practice a whole lot—
ynyn: And there you go again! 
ynyn: You're playing with me right now!
luna: Hehe! Looks like you two are having fun! 
ynyn: Yes we are, Luna! 
ynyn: I'm playing a game with my f-friend—
luna: Sorry to interrupt you, but can I borrow Mel?
mel: Me?
luna: Yes, I had a little quest I was hoping you could help me with.
mel: A request for me?
mel: I would be honored!
luna: This is it. The reward is quite high for the level of difficulty.
mel: I'll take it!
mel: Maybe I'll see if Kazuma and the others want to join! 
luna: Okay, I'll mark you down for this quest then. 
luna: Please tell Kazuma and the others I said hello!
ynyn: Mel, didn't you say we would hang out all day—
mel: Sorry, but we'll finish this another time!
ynyn: O-Oh, okay. Sure thing... 
ynyn: W-Wait! I could maybe join you...
mel: Thanks for your concern, 
mel: but I don't want to be a bother!
mel: Feel free to go hang out with some of your other friends!
ynyn: Other...friends?!
kazuma: What's this? "Eliminate the trolls in the forest"?
darkness: That's a huge reward just for some trolls.
mel: Yeah! It's the first time I've gotten my own request! 
mel: It'd be a dream come true to do it with all you!
megumin_lightcloth: It's rather suspicious that they sought out Mel for the request with so many adventurers in town. 
kazuma: It's downright fishy is what it is. It smells like a dirty trap if I've ever seen one. 
aqua: What if it's a crazy, rabid fan who fell in love with Mel after seeing her at the last show?
mel: A fan? I think I'm flattered?
kazuma: Don't be. Something feels off about it.
darkness: Kazuma, apparently the quest is near a hot spring.
kazuma: A hot...
kazuma: spring?
aqua: There's a free hot spring that we can 
aqua: help ourselves to! For free! Pack your things, Kazuma!
kazuma: A hot spring, you say? 
kazuma: When you think of hot springs, several other things come to mind...
megumin_lightcloth: This quest only becomes more and more suspicious. 
megumin_lightcloth: It'd be best to not take—
kazuma: We're going.
megumin_lightcloth: Huh?
kazuma: We're absolutely going.
megumin_lightcloth: Kazuma, this is an actual quest you know. 
kazuma: We're doing this for Mel of course! It'll be fun and there's a big reward. 
kazuma: Who in their right mind would turn it down?!
kazuma: Why don't we invite Melissa and Amy to join us? It'd be a shame to keep such 
kazuma: a fantastic quest to ourselves!
mel: This'll be awesome! 
mel: Thanks for joining me, everyone!
