Daily Life with This Stormy Spirit! - P5
aqua: That was amazing!
Amy: Indeed. The relief of a piping hot bath.
megumin: The power of my Explosion power is renewed!
darkness: And I feel like I could withstand a haymaker from a troll.
miia: I looove the hot springs! And they're great for 
miia: slow-boiling eggs! Yummy!
melissa: Let's drop by for another dip after the quest. We'll make you another batch.
mel: I must say, Master, your commitment to our art is worthy of praise.
kazuma: What are you even talking about? 
kazuma: Ah-
kazuma: choo!
mel: Sneaking into the girls' bath to surprise us! Pranks always come first, no matter what!
mel: How noble.
kazuma: Ah-
kazuma: chooey!
mel: You seem upset...
mel: Is it because I failed to claim a single towel from the others?
kazuma: Haaaa-
kazuma: choo!
aqua: Mel, worrying about this man is not worth the mental exertion.
aqua: Get over it, Pervyzuma! While you fail as a voyeur, 
aqua: we need your help in the field.
kazuma: Haaaa-
kazuma: choo!
megumin: What kind of an adventurer catches a cold at a hot spring? And right before a quest, too. 
megumin: Great job, Pervyzuma. 
kazuma: Haaaa-
kazuma: choo!
melissa: No need to kick him while he's down. Even the insects scuttling around outside the bath deserve some measure of respect.
kazuma: HWAH-HA-HA-CHWOOONGH!!!
mel: This forest is the trolls' home. 
mel: Ready for action, team?
kazuma: You know what I'm ready for? Hot springs special event #2. Let's get this over with.
aqua: I wish I was surprised. 
melissa: The idiot still hasn't learned his lesson.
kazuma: You got me all wrong! All I want is a bath! 
kazuma: Nothing more, nothing less!
kazuma: These scowls are way scarier than any trolls waiting in the woods...
darkness: Come to think of it, since dispatching of Daniel the first time, trolls have become a far less common sight.
megumin: Yes, to think he'd survived... Could that be why they are 
megumin: popping back up now?
miia: Eh, who cares? If the Axel Hearts girls need me to put the 
miia: boot to some troll tushies, then that's what I'm gonna do!
Amy: Oh, sweet little Mia, standing up for your friends. 
Amy: How brave you are!
kazuma: The size of the reward does have me worried that Daniel could be amongst these trolls.  
megumin: Even if he is our target, Daniel no longer posses the hammer. 
megumin: My awesome Explosion magic will turn him into troll toast!
Troll A: Graaaaaagh!
darkness: That low bellow... 
darkness: We have company!
Troll A: Grrrrrr... Grawrrr!
kazuma: Whew. Just your standard troll. This'll be over in a jiff—
Troll B: Graaaaaah!
Troll C: Grrrnnnnnngh!
kazuma: Why are there so many of them?! 
melissa: Haaah!
Troll B: Mrrrrnnnggghhhh!
melissa: Numbers don't matter with no strength. Will this really 
melissa: net us a huge payday? Something's not right here.
Troll C: Grrrrrrrrrngh... Grargh!
miia: Erk!
miia: !
Amy: Mia!
Amy: Let Mia go, now!
Troll D: Groooargh!
aqua: Yeeee-
aqua: eeeeek! 
aqua: Someone save me!
kazuma: They got Aqua too!
mel: Mia, Aqua!
miia: Aagh... 
miia: Grip...so tight...
Troll C: Growwwngh!
mel: I'll make you pay
mel: for hurting my friends! 
mel: Hyaaah!
Troll C: Grawgh?!
mel: As for the others, follow suit—and disappear! 
mel: HI-YAAAAAAGH!
Trolls: MMMRRRMGH?!
darkness: A-Amazing. All the trolls, electrified in one fell swoop.
miia: Not just the trolls, but I can't complain. 
miia: Thanks, Mel.
mel: Nngh...
miia: ...Mel?
kazuma: I know that look. She's losing control!
mel: Die... 
mel: DIE, DIE, DIE, DIE, DIE, DIE...! 
mel: 〇△□××!!!
aqua: She released too much of her power defeating the trolls.
kazuma: Yeah, to save YOUR hides! So thanks for that!
melissa: No time for in-fighting. I sense a lethal storm brewing.
miia: Mel, snap out of it! Everybody's safe!
kazuma: The only way out of this... 
kazuma: is to fight our way through it. 
kazuma: Let's calm her down, guys!
