Daily Life with This Stormy Spirit! - P4
darkness: Amy, I apologize for calling on such short notice.
Amy: It's no problem at all! Right, Mia?
miia: Yeah! Hot springs mean hot spring buns! 
miia: And hot spring eggs!
megumin: Our main objective is a quest, 
megumin: but I guess it's nothing new for Mia to focus on the food.
melissa: I'm suspicious... We just have to take out some trolls? 
melissa: Why even invite us on such an easy quest? 
melissa: The more people, the smaller the reward... 
melissa: The Kazuma we know would never willingly lose out on money.
kazuma: Must you paint me as this world's worst scumbag?
kazuma: I just want to repay you for all the help you've given us.
melissa: Really?
melissa: Well, I don't really mind. 
melissa: What's better than going to a hot spring with my favorite fluffy girl!
kazuma: Phew, I dodged a bullet there. 
kazuma: We can't leave anyone out during this special event!
mel: This is my first time going to a hot spring. 
mel: Getting in a big bath with everyone sounds so exciting!
kazuma: Okay, Mel. I'm going to teach you the key to strengthening your friendships.
mel: Strengthen my friendships?! 
mel: There's a secret key? Please tell me!
kazuma: Listen carefully... 
kazuma: When at a hot spring, it's customary to grab your friends' towels and rip 'em clean off.
mel: Th-That's really the key?!
kazuma: Where I come from, 
kazuma: we have a term: the naked truth. Because when people bare their true selves, 
kazuma: real friendship can grow.
kazuma: But it's our secret, you hear? If the others find out before you do it, 
kazuma: the friendship won't blossom.
mel: I see...
mel: Thanks for telling me, Kazuma!
kazuma: And the conditions for the special event are met! 
kazuma: Ah, I can't wait to get to that hot spring!
kazuma: Off 
kazuma: we go! 
kazuma: We should visit the hot springs before and after!
melissa: Hm... 
melissa: He's being suspicious again. 
megumin: We've arrived. 
darkness: You want to go to the hot springs before the quest? 
darkness: Shouldn't our business come first? 
aqua: It's fine! The request did say we should feel free to use it. 
aqua: I say we take them up on the offer.
Amy: I wouldn't complain. I'm sweaty after all this walking.
melissa: I suppose the trolls are just down the road. 
miia: Okay, it's bath time! 
miia: Let's go, Kazuma!
kazuma: You want me to join you?!
megumin: Absolutely not! No way! No!
miia: Aw, won't it be more fun with everyone? 
melissa: Mia, men can't bathe with women because 
melissa: they transform into evil beasts. 
kazuma: N-N-No, we don't!
kazuma: But don't worry about it! Go on, relax and enjoy ourselves!
megumin_towel: There is absolutely zero reason to trust him. 
melissa_towel: Worried about him taking a peek? 
melissa_towel: Don't be. It's a bargaining chip for a larger share of the reward later.
Amy_towel: Hehe, that doesn't sound like a joke, but you're smiling rather 
Amy_towel: scarily. 
darkness_towel: Oh, I think she's very serious about it.
miia_towel: Yee-haw! This bath's the biggest ever!
aqua_towel: Hey, Mia! You can't just jump in like that—it's dangerous!
darkness_towel: And your towel's about to come undone. 
darkness_towel: You should fix it before it falls. 
mel_towel: Wait a second...!
kazuma: Listen carefully...
kazuma: When at a hot spring, it's customary to grab your friends' towels and rip 'em clean off.
mel_towel: The key to strengthening friendship!
mel_towel: This is my moment!
Amy_towel: M-M-Mel? 
Amy_towel: What are you doing?
Amy_towel: My towel will fall off if you keep tugging. 
mel_towel: Hmm... The target's defense was too strong.
mel_towel: Let's try the next. 
melissa_towel: Eek!
melissa_towel: You're after me now, 
melissa_towel: is it? 
melissa_towel: If you want a glimpse at the goods, it's gonna cost you.
mel_towel: Grrr! Fine, on to the next one!
darkness_towel: Wh-Wh-Wh-!
darkness_towel: What are you doing?! 
darkness_towel: Please, nooooo! 
darkness_towel: You'll expose me to everyone!
mel_towel: Odd. You're putting up far less of a fight than the others.
megumin_towel: Um, Darkness? Is that a smile I detect on your face?
kazuma_towel: Hehe, I can hear the beginnings of a raucous party. 
kazuma_towel: It seems my little ploy from earlier is bearing sweet fruit.
kazuma_towel: With things this lively, I'm currently the last 
kazuma_towel: thing on their minds. And with that, off I go...
melissa_towel: Huh? Aqua, there's something in the shrubs!
aqua_towel: On it! Create Water!
kazuma_towel: GAAAAAAH!!! *Sputter*
aqua_towel: And that takes care of that... 
aqua_towel: Whatever THAT was.
melissa_towel: A rather inconsequential insect scurrying about. Nothing to concern ourselves with.
megumin_towel: *Sigh* Every time.
miia_towel: You guys not getting in?
melissa_towel: We most certainly are, 
melissa_towel: now that the coast is clear.
ナレーション: Rendered unconscious, Kazuma awoke some time after the rest of the team had left—naked and freezing cold.
