Daily Life with This Stormy Spirit! - P2
ナレーション: Only one week remained until Mel's big opening with the Axel Hearts.
squall: A one and a two and a one and a two and 
squall: JUMP!
mel: Hyyy
mel: aaah!
squall: That's the spirit! Jump as high as you can and smile!
mel: I'm...
mel: smiling!
squall: Wonderful performance! All that remains is landing safety while you sing the chorus!
mel: Showtime, showtime! Time to sing and dance! ♪
kazuma: Look at you! You've already got the choreography down. I guess I can rest easy.
mel: *Pant pant* 
mel: Kazuma, thank you! 
mel: Dancing while singing sure isn't easy.
kazuma: Don't worry about that! You're doing great for someone who's never performed live before! Hats off to you too, Squall.
squall: It's all thanks to Mel's hard work.
mel: K-Kazuma, can I start it from the beginning one more time?
kazuma: I don't see why not, but you look pretty tired. Don't you think you should take a break?
mel: I won't allow you to go soft on me! Once more, from the top!
kazuma: If you're that fired up, 
kazuma: then I'm on board too! 
kazuma: All right! Mel, you can call me Producer too!
mel: Yes, Producer!
squall: Working hard for the sake of others and 
squall: sticking with it even when things get difficult... I'm glad Mel met Kazuma and the others.
aqua: The day of the show has finally arrived! Are you ready, Mel?
mel: O-Of course! I've been training like crazy for this! 
mel: I'll d-d-do my best!
megumin: It's a bit peculiar to see a prankster like Mel become so nervous. 
kazuma: I guess you have an innocent side as well. 
kazuma: But don't worry, you practiced for this. There's no need to be anxious.
mel: But do I really belong on stage? 
mel: I can't believe I'm getting cold feet.
kazuma: All your fans are excited to hear your song. 
kazuma: You've got their support, and ours as well. Go out there and enjoy yourself.
mel: ...You're right. 
mel: Thank you!
lia_stage: Mel, it's almost time to start. Are you ready?
mel: Yes! I'll give it everything I've got!
lia_stage: Hello! We are Axel Hearts!
cielo_stage: And we have a special guest with us today!
erica_stage: Who could it be? I've been so curious that I couldn't sleep—
erica_stage: past noon!
cielo_stage: Haha! Erika, you're such a tease! 
cielo_stage: We announced it in advance, so everyone knows who it is already!
lia_stage: In that case, let's call her out! Everyone, follow my lead! 
lia_stage: Here we go!
Axel Hearts, Audience: Mel!
mel: H-Hello! 
mel: I'm Mel, the lightning spirit!
Audience: Yeaaah!!! Mel!
aqua: Mel sure is popular! The crowd's going crazy!
megumin: Garnering this much attention is quite a feat on Mel's part.
kazuma: All that's left is the song. 
kazuma: Good luck, Mel! You've got this!
mel: My dancing skills might not match up to Axel Hearts, 
mel: but I've practiced a lot, so let's have some fun!
cielo_stage: It's about time for our first song. Mel, will you do the honors?
mel: Is everyone ready? This song is called... 
mel: "My Favorite"!
lia_stage: *Pant pant* 
lia_stage: Thank you, everyone! Today was wonderful!
Audience: Yeaaaaaaaaaaaah!
erica_stage: We hope you've enjoyed your time with Axel Hearts...
cielo_stage: and Mel!
Audience: Mel! You're the best!
mel: Everyone's so happy. 
mel: Kazuma was right. He said the best pranks are the ones that make everyone smile.
mel: I can have fun and make everyone happy too. I could get used to this.
mel: Everyone! Thank you so much!
ナレーション: Meanwhile...
daniel: Sorry to keep you waiting, Charlie. Finally, the improvements are complete.
charlie: Oho! We've taken another step forward!
daniel: If we use the Lightning's Bane to absorb all of Mel's energy, 
daniel: we'll have more power than Thor's Hammer!
charlie: Is that the enhanced Lightning's Bane? Sure looks scary... 
charlie: Let's try it out!
daniel: Wait a moment, Charlie. I told you before, did I not? 
daniel: We're merely a step closer. Our plan is still in development.
daniel: To ensure our success, we need to run some additional experiments first. Care to help me?
charlie: Of course! If it's for the sake of our bright future, I'll gladly help!
