Daily Life with This Stormy Spirit! - P6
mel: 〇△□××〇×△!!!
kazuma: The fit is only escalating...
miia: Mel, it's Mia, your friend! You JUST saved me, remember? 
miia: Come back to us!
mel: Fr...ie...nd...?
darkness: We're getting through, albeit barely. Attagirl, Mia! 
darkness: Keep talking to her!
miia: Wake up! The trolls're history. Let's visit the hot spring together! And I'll slow-boil more eggs for us!
mel: Grrr
mel: Grrrrgh... 
mel: Aaaaaagh! 
mel: 〇△□×!!!
megumin: Everyone, caution!
megumin: An immense magical aura is swelling inside her!
aqua: We need to fall back! This next attack is gonna be huge!
kazuma: Aw, crud. Death by flash-frying was not the way I envisioned us going!
mel: Reghhh! Hrrrnnnghhh! 
mel: 〇△□×!!!
daniel: Now, Charlie!
charlie: You got it, Lord Daniel!
kazuma: Wha?! Y-You guys!?
charlie: Behold, the Lightning's Bane! No form of explosion compares to its might!
mel: AHHH
mel: AAAAAAAAAGH!!!
aqua: Kazuma! That magic item is sucking up all of Mel's lightning!
kazuma: Why is he doing that?! Was he after Mel 
kazuma: from the get-go?! So HE issued this quest to Mel!
daniel: Your deduction is most astute—and correct. For there was no other way to amass such strength of lightning.
darkness: You conniving little troll...! To what end?
daniel: Hahaha! I save you lot from total incineration, and you repay me with insults? 
daniel: A thank you will do!
megumin: Not when you're obviously plotting another evil scheme!
daniel: Well, I shan't deny that. What you witnessed was merely the 
daniel: prologue to a daring bid for a new, glorious power—Mel's!
mel: Ooohhhhhhh.
mel: ... 
mel: Mia? 
mel: You're...safe
mel: Nngh...
miia: Mel!?
miia: Mel, are you okay? 
daniel: The Lightning's Bane is charged!
daniel: Now, Charlie—inject me 
daniel: with with the might of lightning!
charlie: I'm worried for you, Boss! I mean, this is on a totally 
charlie: different scale to what we practiced!
daniel: We must obtain the lightning spirit's power. Now, be swift!
charlie: B-But...
kazuma: What gives? Sounds like they're fighting.
charlie: The result of every experiment was always 
charlie: the same—you, reduced to crispy black tatters!
daniel: For the love of... Charlie! Stop exposing our 
daniel: weaknesses to our arch-nemeses!
charlie: Sir, as your most loyal servant, I will not do anything to harm you! 
charlie: Forgive, but I could not live if something happened to you!
charlie: GAAAAAAAAAGH!!!　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
charlie: 　
charlie: All I do, I do for Lord Daniel...!
melissa: I can't 
melissa: see a thing!
ナレーション: A dazzling flash and thunderous din permeated the area. When the light melted away, they were faced with an unfamiliar silhouette.
melcharlie: *Gasp* *Sputter*
Everyone: Who in the world is that?
daniel: Charlie, where did you go?! 
melcharlie: Right here, my lord. I am Charlie! The plan worked!
daniel: So then, absorbing Mel's power brought about this, ahem—rather radical change?
kazuma: This is nuts.
melissa: The item appears to have been altered somewhat. I guess these are the side effects.
melcharlie: Though my form changed, my loyalty to my liege remains. In fact, it is what wrought this miracle!
daniel: Well said, Charlie!
aqua: It's even worse that his voice didn't change.
megumin: It's literally the creepiest thing ever!
daniel: Now, Charlie, my friend reborn—show this insolent rabble the might 
daniel: of your newfound abilities!
melcharlie: Your wish is my command! Here's a small taste.
melcharlie: Lightning Boooooolt!
kazuma: Aaaaaaaaagh!
daniel: Positively sublime. The sheer destructive 
daniel: firepower is equivalent— 
daniel: no, superior—to that of the hammer!
Amy: If we take that head-on, none of us will live to tell the tale, Kazuma.
melissa: Yes, even more so with Mel out of action. We'd best regroup.
mel: Mmph.
mel: Nnng. 
miia: Mel, hang in there!
kazuma: Darkness, hoist Mel on your back and get ready to split!
kazuma: Melissa's got the right plan of action. Time to get out of here!
