God's Blessing on This Fabulous Friendship! - P1
darkness: Mel still hasn't awoken? It's been three days...
megumin: Yes... That magic item—Lightning's Bane, was it? 
megumin: She hasn't recovered from it siphoning all her magic.
kazuma: That can't be good. 
kazuma: Aqua, can't you can't you give her some of yours to help? 
aqua: Probably not... Spirits are different from us. You see, when naturally occurring magical energy convenes 
aqua: at a single point, you get a spirit. 
aqua: And when that energy surpasses a certain threshold, they tend to go berserk.
kazuma: Which Mel has, several times thus far. But that means 
kazuma: she'll heal given enough time, right?
aqua: Luckily, yes. Her magic will eventually restore itself 
aqua: naturally. But with how much she's lost...
darkness: I suppose all we can do is wait. 
darkness: Meanwhile, there's the problem of those fanged fiends.
kazuma: Daniel and Charlie... We'd better fill the rest of the 
kazuma: gang in on what happened.
mitsurugi: This is some predicament. Those trolls are bad enough as they are. And now one's a thunder-slinging psycho.
dust: So to recap, they stole Mel's powers and turned Charlie into a girl! How's that even work? 
squall: Likely an effect of modifying the item. 
squall: I admit I was entirely unaware of their movements. My apologies. 
chris: How's Mel doing?
darkness: Still fast asleep. 
darkness: According to Aqua, she'll recover as her magic naturally replenishes.
melissa: At least that's one less worry. If we're not 
melissa: careful, the entire town might get demolished again.
erica: What do we do about those ugly trolls? 
Amy: Their last rampage damaged crops all across the land. 
Amy: We can't let that happen again. 
miia: Grr! Wasting food's a grave offense in my book! I'll show those goons 
miia: the consequences!
kazuma: You'll have to hit pause on Axel Hearts shows. Their obsession with you is dangerous. 
kazuma: Don't be caught alone, okay? 
cielo: Egh. Just thinking about it gives me the chills.
lia: Assuming their current power is superior to the hammer's, we need to prepare. 
erica: Easier said than done! 
erica: What in the world are people like us supposed to do against something like that?
darkness: I've had my father alert the capital. 
darkness: We've requested help as well, but these things take time.
ynyn: E-Excuse me!
megumin: Oh, Yunyun. Didn't notice you there.
ynyn: I've been here this whole time! 
ynyn: Hey, Kazuma? Would you mind if I stayed with Mel until she comes around?
kazuma: It's a good idea to keep an eye on her with those two out 
kazuma: on the prowl. Thank you, Yunyun
ynyn: I'll watch over her!
ナレーション: Meanwhile...
melcharlie: Lightning Boooooolt!
Villager A: Aaaaaaaaagh! My house—my possessions!
Villager B: The crops are burning! Have you villains no heart?!
melcharlie: Well, Lord Daniel? Are you pleased?
daniel: Fwahahaha! Yes, Charlie, to no end! I cannot contain my 
daniel: satisfaction! This power indeed eclipses the hammer!
daniel: Power. Loyalty. Looks. You are truly a model minion!
melcharlie: M-My looks? W-Well, regardless I live to serve! 
melcharlie: Please relax as I do your bidding!
daniel: That I will, my devoted servant. And look forward to next 
daniel: month's pay. Expect a nice little surprise.
daniel: Although, I won't need to pay your salary for 
daniel: much longer—since the Devil King is sure to take us back!
melcharlie: Ooh! 
melcharlie: Finally being paid what we deserve, eh? I like the sound of that!
daniel: Now, Charlie, go forth! Destroy! And let us make for town! More specifically—
daniel: For Lia!
melcharlie: Sure thing, Boss! To town! More specifically—
melcharlie: To Cielo!
Daniel, Charlie: Go, Axel!
ナレーション: With Charlie brimming with power, the duo planned their second siege on Axel...
