God's Blessing on This Fabulous Friendship! - P6
melcharlie: *Pant pant* 
melcharlie: You haven't defeated us yet! It's time you got a taste of my full power! 
melcharlie: Lightning Bolt!!!
squall: Mel! 
squall: Be careful!
mel: Don't worry Squall! Watch this! 
mel: Redirected 
mel: Lightning Bolt!!!
melcharlie: Ahhhhhh! 
melcharlie: Grrraaah!
mel: Hraaaaaah!!!
melcharlie: Augh! 
melcharlie: AUUUGHHHH!
daniel_troll: Ch-Charlie!
kazuma: All right, everyone! Don't hold back!
mitsurugi: No need to tell me twice! 
mitsurugi: Now, you foul beasts, taste the steel of Gram, my cursed sword!
aqua: God Requiem!
iris_battle: Sacred Explosion!
ynyn: Light of Saber!
daniel_troll: Augh! 
daniel_troll: Aaagh!
lia: Cielo! Erika!
erica: Right! Let's show them the combined power 
erica: of Axel Hearts!
cielo: Prepare yourself, Charlie! 
cielo: Hraaaaaah!
melcharlie: N-No! 
melcharlie: Aaagh!
dust: All right, now's my chance! Songs will be sung of the hero 
dust: Dust who struck the final blow!
lean: Blade of Wind!
melcharlie: Grrroooah... 
melcharlie: I'm not finished yet! 
melcharlie: Lightning Boooooolt!
darkness: Stand back, 
darkness: everyone! 
darkness: Augh! 
darkness: 　
Amy: Darkness?!
darkness: *Pant pant* My whole body's gone numb from that attack. 
darkness: I-It was incredible!
kazuma: Even if he is stronger, he's not stronger than all 
kazuma: of us combined! Chris, you know what to do!
Kazuma, Chris: Steal!
melcharlie: What the—?! Where'd the relic go?! Waaahhhhhh! 
melcharlie: The source of my power!
kazuma: Hehe! I got the Lightning's Bane! 
kazuma: Wait, what did you get, Chris?
chris: I got... 
chris: Some kind of photo.
melcharlie: No! Without the relic— 
melcharlie: I'm going to... 
melcharlie: 　
daniel_troll: Ah! Charlie returned to his original, ugly form!
charlie_troll: Huh? Did you say ugly?
daniel_troll: You must be hearing things. 
daniel_troll: Anyway, I'm sure everyone is quite exhausted. Perhaps some peaceful negotiations—
kazuma: That'd be fine by me, but someone is clearly itching for the last word. 
kazuma: Go nuts, Mel.
mel: Finally! I hope you're ready! 
mel: Lightning Boooooolt!
Daniel, Charlie: Eeeeeek!
mel: Maximum voltage! 
mel: Hraaaaaah!
Daniel, Charlie: GYAAAAAAGGGHHHHHH!!!
ナレーション: After Mel's lightning strike left a crater where Daniel and Charlie once stood, Squall hid Lightning's Bane in a safe place.
ナレーション: With the trolls finally defeated for good, a large reward was promised for saving the kingdom again. 
ナレーション: However, we decided on something else instead. We asked Iris for permission for Mel to remain in Axel.
ナレーション: Luckily, the townspeople were accepting. She was granted an exception on the condition that I be her guardian.
ナレーション: That means I get the blame if she causes trouble, but she's getting better about her pranks so it'll be fine...probably.
megumin: We've grown too lazy since the Daniel incident! 
megumin: Let's go on a quest.
kazuma: Hng. 
kazuma: Hard pass. I'm still recovering from that ordeal. I'd rather relax for a few more days.
aqua: Agreed. I deserve to rest after working so hard. Ouch! 
aqua: That's a bit too much 
aqua: electricity! Try to be a little more gentle with the hands.
mel: Oh, I'm sorry! 
mel: How's this?
aqua: Ah, much better. 
aqua: That feels wonderful.
darkness: Are you forcing Mel to give massage you? Again?
mel: I don't mind at all! Without you, I would still be powerless and maybe even dead. 
mel: This isn't nearly enough to repay what I owe.
kazuma: It's still hard to believe Mel is doing favors instead of pulling pranks. She sure has matured.
ynyn: Oh, hi there Mel! What a surprise!
megumin: Oh, it's you? You're attempting to force Mel to go on a 
megumin: quest with you, aren't you?
ynyn: O-Of course not... 
ynyn: Oh, but what a coincidence! There does happen to be a rather profitable quest available!
darkness: A bounty for a murder bear, huh? 
darkness: That sounds rather exciting! 
darkness: Those things have such powerful attacks!
aqua: They're offering a rare vintage of bubbly as a bonus, too! 
aqua: Kazuma, we're taking this one! Let's go!
kazuma: Hold on a minute. I never agreed to—
megumin: Come on, Kazuma! Yunyun, thanks for the great 
megumin: quest recommendation.
ynyn: Huh? Recommendation? But I was hoping—
mel: This is so wonderful! Getting to go on quests with everyone is just 
mel: the best!
aqua: With Mel, this'll be a piece of cake! 
aqua: We're counting on you!
ynyn: D-Do you think I—?
megumin: What about me! I'll show you my explosion magic 
megumin: can finish the job before Mel ever has to lift a finger!
ynyn: E-Excuse me, but could I join—?!
kazuma: Fine. I finally had a chance to relax, 
kazuma: but we'll consider this part of Mel's welcome back celebration!
ynyn: Hey, wait! Don't ignore me!
megumin: Stop making such a fuss, will you, Yunyun?
ynyn: S-So you CAN hear me!
mel: Hurry up, Yunyun! Or you'll get left behind!
ynyn: Mel... Are you saying...I can come with you?
mel: Of course. After all, going on quests is the best way to strengthen the bonds of friendship!
ynyn: D-D-Did you say friendship?!
kazuma: Yunyun! We're leaving!
ynyn: Right! 
ynyn: Wait for me, everyone!
ナレーション: And so, Axel gained another eccentric adventurer.
ナレーション: And of course, my assumption that fewer pranks meant everything would be fine couldn't have been more wrong...
