God's Blessing on This Fabulous Friendship! - P2
mel: *Whimper* No, stop! Don't go, please!
mel: Don't leave me here...alone.
？？？: ...Mel. Mel.
mel: Wh-Who...? 
ynyn: Mel!
mel: *Gasp* 
mel: Where am I?
ynyn: Mel, you're awake! Oh, I'm so relieved! 
ynyn: Are you okay? You yelled in your sleep...
mel: Sorry for scaring you. It was just a nightmare. I think. 
mel: Huh? 
ynyn: Oh, uh, s-s-sorry! You seemed distressed. I thought h-holding 
ynyn: your hand might help.
mel: No, don't apologize! The warmth of your hand 
mel: helped me in my nightmare.
mel: ...Say, 
mel: if I have another nightmare, you think you could do 
mel: that again? The hand thing.
ynyn: O-O-Of course! Ahem! Everyone's going to be so relieved 
ynyn: you're up! I'll go get them!
megumin: Are you feeling well, Mel? Weak anywhere? 
megumin: We were all worried. 
mel: I'm in perfect working order, thanks to you guys. 
mel: Ughhh...
darkness: You can 
darkness: barely stand.
ynyn: Here! You can sit here!
mel: Th-Thanks...
aqua: Don't push it, okay? Your magic hasn't completely recovered yet.
kazuma: But Mel probably is our best chance against Daniel and Charlie. 
kazuma: Any help, miss arch priestess? 
aqua: Hmm. 
aqua: We could try zapping her with lightning! That'd do it!
kazuma: Kind of drastic, don't you think?!
megumin: It could be just what the doctor ordered. Theoretically, lightning would refuel a lightning spirit. Probably.
darkness: Too bad the weather is rather pleasant.
kazuma: So we need lightning, eh? 
kazuma: You know, I heard in science class once that huge quantities of steam and static electricity—
kazuma: What in high heck was THAT?!
aqua: Lightning, it sounded like. Lucky!
darkness: I don't believe I'd consider that a good omen. 
melcharlie: Kawhaha! Hello, Axel! It's great to be back at last in the 
melcharlie: hometown of my favorite dancing trio!
squall: Degenerate scum. First you steal our Mel's power, and now you attempt to lay waste to this town?!
lia: We won't let you harm innocent townsfolk!
daniel: My sweet, beautiful Lia! Life is grandest when I behold 
daniel: you! Praise be to the Devil King for this miracle!
melcharlie: You know what I think? Life's grand when we're not DEAD. 
melcharlie: Though, being alive is certainly a miracle in and of itself.
cielo: You get a second chance in life and you just choose to 
cielo: keep stalking Lia? Gross. 
erica: Yeah, and you know what else is bogus? No bad guys are 
erica: fawning over me, the cutest girl in the world!
melissa: Apologies Erika, but you're not contributing. At all. 
melissa: Mind piping down for a bit?
kazuma: *Pant pant* 
kazuma: I knew it. The thunder was from these boneheads.
Amy: You made it, Kazuma!
miia: These loons are making a mess of the place! 
miia: Slinging lightning and wrecking buildings! Look at our produce!
mitsurugi: Please step back, friends! For this kind of 
mitsurugi: danger, a sword master is most fit for—
melcharlie: Lightning Boooooolt!
kazuma: Best not 
kazuma: get hit by that.
mitsurugi: Aaagh! 
mitsurugi: Did you just try to use me as a SHIELD?!
daniel: Underhanded, as usual! I could learn from you!
melcharlie: No need when you got me, Boss! 
melcharlie: If we slay the slayers of the Devil King's generals, we're sure to be taken back!
melcharlie: But before that, Cielo will be my bride!
cielo: Huh? 
cielo: Nooo! Get awaaaaaaaaay!
lia: Cielo? What's wrong? 
lia: There's no better time to let your fists fly!
erica: Uh oh, it's because he looks like a girl now!
melcharlie: Come 
melcharlie: my dear! Let us seal our marriage with a kiss...
cielo: Please, noooooo!
？？？: Extellion!
kazuma: Is that....?
