God's Blessing on This Fabulous Friendship! - P3
ナレーション: The Lightning's Bane gave Charlie Mel's destructive lightning powers. Axel was at his mercy—until... 
？？？: Extellion!
kazuma: Is that....?
daniel: Who dares stand between Charlie and his true love?
iris_battle: Force yourself upon a lady, will you? For shame!
Aqua, Megumin: Iris?!
daniel: Iris... 
daniel: As in, Princess Iris?
mitsurugi: Princess, allow me. I shall handle these scoundrels—
iris_battle: I shall take refuge behind no one. The princess of 
iris_battle: Belzerg will tolerate this villainy no more!
melcharlie: Hah! You're all bark and no bite.
daniel: Hold your fire, Charlie! 
daniel: This is the princess—which means...
melcharlie: Lightning Booolt!
iris_battle: Sacred Explosion!
ナレーション: Charlie's explosive lightning collided with the energy from Iris's ancestral blade, erupting in a cloud of smoke.
melcharlie: Gaaah!
melcharlie: *Gasp* *Sputter* M-My arm...!
daniel: I tried to warn you. The royal family descends from a lineage of 
daniel: powerful heroes. She's no mere girl. 
daniel: Let us regroup. As for you lot—
daniel: That was just our introduction. Next time, we won't be so friendly.
daniel: Wyvern, to me!
Wyvern: Rrrrgh!
iris_battle: Hey!
lia: The slippery scoundrels.
kazuma: We owe you big time, Iris. Your timing was perfect.
darkness: Even so, Princess, did you truly come all this way 
darkness: by yourself?
clair: Princess! Are you okay?! 
clair: I heard a massive explosion!
darkness: Claire? Then our plea reached the capital.
iris_battle: I'm sorry for rushing off on my own...
rain: Thank providence you're safe, m'lady. 
rain: Claire nearly joined her ancestors when you left us behind. 
clair: A-Ahem! 
clair: Th-Thats quite enough, Rain. 
clair: Will someone fill us in on what's transpired here?
kazuma: ...And that's how they stole Mel's powers.
rain: Those trolls, back from the grave. How appalling.
clair: And right back to wreaking mayhem. You've a penchant for 
clair: causing debacles. This isn't your handiwork, is it?
kazuma: Have you gone soft in the head? No way! And what do you mean 
kazuma: "cause"? Things happen to me, okay?! TO me!
rain: Anyways, not even the whole of Axel could safely challenge those two.
darkness: Exactly. Hence my request to the capital for support.
clair: We're duly aware. The royal knights should be at Axel's steps on the morrow.
clair: The reason we arrived ahead of them is, well... 
clair: The princess 
clair: herself requested it. Be thankful.
kazuma: Oh?
iris_battle: As you can imagine, mobilizing the army takes time. 
iris_battle: And truth be told, I was worried about you all.
kazuma: Aw, Iris! Thanks again. 
lia: And with the royal army on the way, Axel will be safe!
megumin: That it is! The kingdom's 
megumin: strongest fighting force combined with 
megumin: my unstoppable explosion magic can overcome any foe!
aqua: Here, here! And I'll handle the good eats and drink—in anticipation of the victory feast, of course.
aqua: Mel's still sleeping, but I bet she'll be ready to rumble by 
aqua: tomorrow. We'll kick some troll tail...and celebrate!
kazuma: Aqua's optimism strikes fear in my heart. 
darkness: In any case, for now we should rest. Let us reconvene tomorrow.
aqua: Great! I say we go get some well-deserved beauty sleep!
squall: Where's Kazuma?!
clair: Be you friend or foe?!
kazuma: He's a friend! Squall, what happened? Your eyes 
kazuma: are wide as saucers.
squall: I have bad news... 
squall: about Mel!
kazuma: Mel?!
