God's Blessing on This Fabulous Friendship! - P4
kazuma: What is she thinking? She knows full well her magic hasn't recharged yet!
squall: I take responsibility. I was with her...
megumin: What happened?
squall: Allow me to explain...
squall: Mel, how are you feeling? If you need anything, 
squall: don't hesitate to ask me.
mel: Thank you very much. Could I ask you one tiny favor, 
mel: actually? Come a little closer, please. 
squall: You seem rather parched. I can fetch you water.
mel: No, no. In fact, it's better that you aren't holding anything at the moment. You'd end up spilling it.
squall: What do you mean by that—?
mel: I have a surprise for you!
squall: WHAAAAAA!!! 
squall: It's a 
squall: buuuuuug!!! Get it away from meeeeee!!!
mel: I doubt that'll come off any time soon. It's a burr, after all.
lia: Don't blame yourself. We've all fell victim to Mel's pranks at one point or another.
squall: It's still shameful to admit. By the time I realized it was 
squall: only a burr, Mel was already gone. She left this note.
aqua: "I'm sorry for all the trouble I've caused. This is all my fault, so I'm going to take care of Daniel myself." 
aqua: Wait, what?!
megumin: Is she really planning on fighting them alone?!
aqua: Kazuma, we need to go after her!
erica: Didn't we just say all of Axel couldn't stand up to them? 
erica: That's why we called for backup from the capital, isn't it?
darkness: What you say is true... 
darkness: But Mel is in danger. That is our only priority now.  
kazuma: That's right! We'll get that little prankster and bring her back in one piece!
cielo: Hehe. That's our Kazuma!
lia: However scummy he may be, he cares about his friends.
iris_battle: It's settled then! We shall depart at once!
Aqua, Megumin: Iris?
Darkness, Rain, Claire: Lady Iris?!
kazuma: You're coming too, Iris?
iris_battle: Of course! I may not be the mightiest warrior, 
iris_battle: but I promise I can be useful, Brother!
kazuma: No, that's not what I—
clair: Lady Iris, this is far too dangerous! The enemy wields the power of a lightning spirit! 
clair: This is a job for adventurers!
iris_battle: I understand your concern, Claire.
clair: Thank goodness you understand. Let's go back—
iris_battle: However, the reason we have come all this way is to help. 
iris_battle: And what reason do I have for concern with you protecting me? 
clair: *Gasp*
iris_battle: Please, they need our help. 
clair: *Sigh* 
clair: Very well, as you wish! However, you must 
clair: stay behind me at all times!
iris_battle: Thank you, Claire!
rain: Haha, Claire is putty in Iris's hands. 
rain: Kazuma, it would appear we will be assisting you. I ask you to look after Lady Iris.
chris: It seems like all of Axel's adventurers have gathered.
melissa: I can't believe we were all called out here so late. 
melissa: We'd better be getting overtime pay for this.
lean: Dust still owes Mel for the trouble he caused her before, so we're ready and willing to lend a hand.
dust: Tch, what a pain. This wasn't my choice.
mitsurugi: It is my duty to protect the town, 
mitsurugi: and come to the aid of those in need!
wiz: Please allow me to come as well. 
wiz: I can't very well ignore that such a wonderful customer of mine is in trouble.
Amy: She is also a valuable member of the cafe staff. If Mel needs us, we're there!
miia: Mel is my friend! No matter how hungry I might be, I'll always be there to help her!
komekko: And me too!
arue: Adventurers valiantly gather to rescue a friend in need! 
arue: I couldn't have written it better myself!
squall: Mel has been blessed in her time here, truly.
aqua: She's come a long with with her pranking, and what friendship means!
erica: When she's not pulling pranks, she really is a cutie! 
erica: Not nearly as cute as me, of course!
cielo: She's even helped us out a lot on stage, too. This is the least we can do.
lia: That's right. We may be dancers, but we're not the type to sit around and let everyone else do the protecting.
kazuma: Thanks for coming, everyone. We've got two goals today! First we find Mel, 
kazuma: then we clobber those trolls!
darkness: They are powerful foes. We'll need everyone's strength.
iris_battle: Right! You're such a dependable leader, Lalatina!
darkness: P-Princess Iris! D-Do not use that name!
megumin: I have a peculiar feeling...
kazuma: What's up, Megumin?
megumin: Somehow, I feel we are forgetting someone...
ナレーション: Elsewhere, a lonesome, forgotten individual was already on her way to Mel.
ynyn: Mel, hold on! You're not alone! 
ynyn: Your best friend is coming! 
ynyn: 　
