A Wonderful Show for these New Friends! - P2
ナレーション: After the vegetables Mel brought home injured Iris, Claire was determined to exact revenge...
clair: The impudence to harm Lady Iris! 
clair: Get back here!
mel: Eeeeeek! 
mel: Let's all calm down for a sec!
iris_stealth: Claire, stop it! The cabbage only bumped me 
iris_stealth: on the shoulder!
clair: I will not calm down! My lady has been harmed by a lowly cabbage! Someone must pay!
clair: This spirit! Th-This criminal! She will pay for her crimes!
iris_stealth: Claire, you're not listening! Please, no more!
rain: Oh dear... Miss Claire can quite lose her sense of reason when it comes to you, Lady Iris.
aqua: She sure is a stubborn one. 
clair: Tch! Where did that miserable little spirit go?!
kazuma: Beats me! After such a frightening display of aggression, I doubt she'll be returning anytime soon.
clair: Did you allow her to escape? It looks to me as if you're 
clair: aiding and abetting a criminal, Kazuma.
kazuma: I would never dream of doing such a thing. Mel's usually so well-behaved, though. 
kazuma: She may just be a little tired from our quest. 
darkness: Kazuma is telling the truth, Miss Claire. 
darkness: Besides, I find it rather invigorating when she strikes me with lightning.
megumin: Darkness, I don't think now's the best time to mention that.
clair: She strikes Lady Dustiness with lightning?! How terrible!
clair: I've seen quite enough! I was right—a lightning spirit is 
clair: far too dangerous. She must be locked away in the capital!
Amy_maid: Good afternoon! Welcome to the Beast—
mel: *Pant pant* 
mel: Help me!
miia_maid: Hey, it's Mel! 
miia_maid: What's wrong with you? 
mel: I'm being chased for no good reason... 
mel: I need a place to hide!
Amy_maid: You're being chased? By whom?
mel: One of the princess's guards. I just played one little prank and now she wants to kill me! 
mel: She's so scary!
Amy_maid: Oh, dear... But you shouldn't be playing pranks on the 
Amy_maid: princess. I'm sure it stresses out Kazuma. 
miia_maid: Yeah! Kazuma said all your pranks are giving him a big old headache!
mel: He really said that? 
mel: But...I thought that pranks would help everyone smile more . 
miia_maid: Huh? 
miia_maid: I don't get it. What do you mean?
Amy_maid: I think she means that playing pranks is her way of making others smile. Isn't that right?
mel: Yes. I still owe them for helping me get my powers back.
mel: I keep trying different types of pranks as a way to express my gratitude, but nothing seems to work. 
miia_maid: Pranks to show you're thankful? 
miia_maid: I'm still confused. 
Amy_maid: It may be easier for them to understand if you simply told them how you feel.
Amy_maid: I think it's wonderful you wish to see everyone smile. You simply need to find the right way to do it!
mel: The right way...? 
mel: What would the right way be? 
miia_maid: There are lots of better ways to show gratitude than playing tricks 
miia_maid: on people! Try something that Kazuma and the others enjoy.
mel: Something they enjoy? 
mel: What would that be? 
miia_maid: Hmm... Well... 
miia_maid: Ack! It's no good! All this thinking is making me hungry!
Amy_maid: Oh, dear. 
Amy_maid: I'll make you something to eat, Mia.
mel: W-Wait a minute... What kinds of things does Kazuma—?
Amy_maid: Oh, of course! I bet you're hungry as well. How would 
Amy_maid: you like a delicious helping of vegetables?
mel: No, I want to find out what Kazuma—
clair: I found you, lightning spirit! Now surrender quietly!
mel: Eeek! P-Please, hear me out! 
mel: I realized I'm doing this all the wrong way! I'll fight my urge to—
clair: Fight? 
clair: You do wish to fight! 
Amy_maid: N-No, I don't believe that's what she's trying to say...
miia_maid: Claire, what are you doing? Mel's a good person!
clair: It matters not what kind of person she is! I will not permit disrespect toward Lady Iris!
mel: EEEEEEEEEKKKKKK!!!
Amy_maid: Oh, dear. We'll see you next time, Mel.
clair: Don't just let her leave! Hey, get back here!
ナレーション: And so the game of cat and mouse continued...
