A Wonderful Show for these New Friends! - P1
kazuma: Barkeep, a glass of bubbly for each of us... 
kazuma: Actually, make one an orange juice.
aqua: And a hot pot for four people!
Amy: Four? 
Amy: Is Mel not joining you today?
kazuma: Oh, hey Amy. Mia.
miia: You guys seem kinda worn out. Didn't you say you were 
miia: taking Mel with you on a quest?
kazuma: *Sigh* That's exactly why we're all exhausted...
Amy: Oh dear! What happened? 
megumin: First, she stole some random egg she found to eat for lunch, which resulted in us getting attacked by the angry mother.
aqua: Then she smeared giant toad slime on our hair saying it was good for split ends, 
aqua: but look how dry and cracked it is now! 
darkness: You must admit her use of lightning as a wake up call was 
darkness: effective. We were all up and alert with haste.  
kazuma: Even if that's true, the sound attracted a group of monsters 
kazuma: we had to fight off... I'm beat...
Amy: I see... 
Amy: That sounds like quite the ordeal.
kazuma: I don't know what to do with her. Her pranks only get worse by the day...
aqua: All day long, it's one prank after another. It was fine when it was 
aqua: one a day for a while, 
aqua: but I counted eight just yesterday!
miia: Just don't care about it!
luna: Oh, Kazuma! I'm glad you're here! I've wanted to 
luna: speak to you about—
kazuma: Let me stop you right there. 
kazuma: No quests. None. I couldn't lift a finger to hurt a fly right now.
luna: I'm not sure if that's something to boast about... But rest 
luna: assured, this isn't about a quest.
luna: You had a visitor from the capital while you were gone. They left you a message.
luna: The princess is planning a visit and they requested you make preparations for her arrival.
kazuma: Iris is coming?
iris: Brother! It's been so long.
kazuma: Hey, Iris! Come on in.
darkness: Welcome, Miss Rain and Miss Claire. We haven't seen you since 
darkness: the incident with Mel. What brings you this far from home?
rain: Actually, this is regarding said incident.
aqua: What about it? 
clair: We've come to make an official report.
megumin: An official report?
iris: Yes. To begin, please allow us to thank you all once more for 
iris: protecting Axel from Daniel.
iris: I trust you remember the request you made of me in lieu of reward money?
kazuma: You mean when we asked permission for Mel to stay in Axel?
iris: That's right. I am doing my utmost to uphold my promise, 
iris: but there are a few things we must take care of first.
clair: To put it simply, we're here to confirm she isn't a danger. 
clair: There is no precedent for a spirit working as an adventurer.
rain: While we are aware you have the proper authorization, the capital thought it best to send an envoy to make the report.
kazuma: I see. Which explains why you two are accompanying Iris.
iris: I'm sorry! Please don't take this as a sign of distrust!
iris: However, can we count on your cooperation so as to make sure Mel is able to remain here?
kazuma: This is terrible timing... Mel's pranks have been getting worse. 
kazuma: I guess there's no chance I could get them to come back later...
mel: Hi, everyone! I've come bearing a gift to express my heartfelt gratitude!
kazuma: Of all of the bad timings—!
mel: Please accept this token of my thanks!
Cabbage: Cabba-cabba-cabba...
Eggplant: Eggpla-eggpla!
Potato: Puh-puh-puh-puh-taytooo!
megumin: Ah! Where did all these vegetables come from?!
mel: I spent all morning gathering the freshest ones I could 
mel: find! I recommend eating them right away!
rain: Th-They're running wild! What are we going to do?!
darkness: Mel! We have talked extensively about these kinds of pranks!
clair: Pranks? What is the meaning of this, Kazuma Satou?! You gave 
clair: us your word this spirit wasn't a danger to—
mel: Hahahaha! 
mel: Not only do you get a nice workout, but you're 
mel: rewarded with a delicious meal when you're finished!
Cabbage: Cabba-cabba!
iris: Eek! 
iris: Yah!
clair: P-Princess Iris?! 
clair: How dare these filthy cabbages harm the princess! You and this prankster spirit will be punished!
mel: What?! Me?! But I'm innocent!
