A Wonderful Show for these New Friends! - P3
ナレーション: As Claire continued her pursuit of Mel, Iris was busy with Kazuma and company...
aqua: Here you go. There's plenty more, so please help yourself.
iris: Mmm... This water tastes simply divine. Do you always have access 
iris: to such delicious water, Brother?
kazuma: Y-Yeah, I guess so...
darkness: Here are some snacks as well, Lady Iris.
iris: Thank you very much. 
iris: However...
megumin: Is there something wrong? 
iris: Is this really a time to be relaxing and snacking? 
iris: I'm worried about Mel and Claire.
kazuma: I'm sure they're fine. Mel's pretty tough and Claire just needs to get it out of her system. 
kazuma: I'm sure she'll give up soon enough.
darkness: Once we have the chance to explain things, I believe Claire will understand.
iris: You're probably right. Her reaction was a bit overboard, but Claire really is a kind person. 
iris: I hope they return soon.
rain: I'm back.
kazuma: Rain? Where'd you get off to? Were you looking for Claire?
rain: No, not exactly... 
rain: I went to purchase these.
aqua: Are those tickets to the Axel Hearts performance tonight?
rain: Indeed. I'm relieved they weren't sold out. Iris mentioned she wished to see them perform in the Axel theater.
iris: Thank you, Rain! To be honest, that is one of my reasons 
iris: for coming all this way. 
rain: Seeing them perform on their home stage is sure to be a different experience. I am also looking forward to it.
kazuma: You should've told me. I would have been happy to arrange some special seats for you.
iris: It's okay, Brother. I wanted to purchase my own tickets and experience the show just as a normal fan would!
kazuma: I see. Well in that case, I'll just have to arrange for a special performance in your honor.
iris: Really? You can do that?
kazuma: Well, sure. I am the producer, after all!
iris: Oh, I can't wait!
kazuma: Please! As your humble producer, I beseech you!
cielo: Kazuma, there's no need to beg.
lia: But asking us to do a special performance because the princess is here?
erica: That's going to be hard on such short notice. And even if it is the princess, we can't just hand out special treatment to one fan.
kazuma: It doesn't have to be anything crazy. Maybe just switch up 
kazuma: the set list or... Oh! How about debuting your new song?!
erica: Our new song?
lia: That would probably be doable. I'd say it's just about ready.
cielo: That's not a bad idea. 
cielo: I'm actually pretty confident in the choreography and we were deciding when to debut it.
kazuma: Great! That settles it! We'll knock the princess's socks off with a surprise release of the new song!
cielo: If we start practicing now, we'll be fine! 
cielo: Let's do it!
lia: All right, we'll start with a full run-through. Magic keyboard, 
lia: go ahead and start the music!
ナレーション: A light melody drifted through the entrance as Axel Hearts began their rehearsal. Just then, a familiar face arrived...
mel: *Pant pant* I think I finally lost her. That Claire is 
mel: absolutely relentless...
mel: Huh? 
mel: I haven't heard this song before. It's so beautiful.
clair: You can't get away! Stop right this instant!
mel: Wh-What?! How did you find me already?! 
mel: I won't go down without a fight!
clair: Hey! Get back here!
ナレーション: Meanwhile...
daniel: Another failure! We were so close! 
daniel: My poor, beloved Lia. 
charlie: Lord Daniel, please! You'll re-open your wounds. 
daniel: It's fine, Charlie. My physical wounds at least have healed. But even without the Lightning's Bane, 
daniel: we must forge forward!
charlie: As long as we still have breath, we'll fight! It is rather a miracle we do still have breath though. Perhaps we should—
daniel: I agree! I can't remember the last dance performance we saw. At this rate, 
daniel: I may simply waste away into nothing!
charlie: This is terrible! You seem to be experiencing severe withdrawals, Lord Daniel!
daniel: I could set aside any one of my life ambitions, but 
daniel: I could never give up on my dear Lia!
charlie: Is he referring his ambition to rejoin the Devil King's army? 
charlie: His obsession with Lia is beyond human reasoning.
daniel: Just you wait, Kazuma Satou! I am coming once again to proclaim my undying 
daniel: love of dancers!
charlie: I'm with you, Lord Daniel! Just don't forget Cielo is mine!
