A Wonderful Show for These New Friends! - P4
clair: *Pant pant* 
clair: Could I have a glass of water please? 
rain: Of course. I take it Mel slipped from your grasp.
clair: She's quite nimble and never tires. But I cannot ignore 
clair: a spirit who harms humans. I will catch her tomorrow.
iris_stealth: Claire, I appreciate that you're so worried about me.
iris_stealth: But don't you think this is a bit much? It's not as though 
iris_stealth: I was actually injured.
clair: Nonsense! 
clair: Spirit or not! Accident or not! Harming Lady Iris is a horrendous crime!
kazuma: Sounds like a personal grudge at this point.
megumin: It certainly does.
aqua: Not that this is unusual behavior for her, she really doesn't want to let this one go.
mitsurugi: Well, this is Iris we're talking about. We all know how protective she is over her.
kazuma: *Stare*
mitsurugi: Wh-Why are you looking at me like that. 
mitsurugi: Please don't say you forgot who I am again!
aqua: I remember you! Um... 
aqua: Yeah! Sword Guy!
mitsurugi: Lady Aqua?!
clair: It's nice to see you, Lord Mitsurugi.
mitsurugi: Greetings. It's been too long. I couldn't help but overhear you discussing Mel. 
mitsurugi: I've been monitoring her for some time now and she's not nearly as dangerous as you believe her to be.
kazuma: What's gotten into you? It's not like you to take our side. 
kazuma: Did you hit your head...Katsuragi?
mitsurugi: It's Mitsurugi! 
mitsurugi: *Ahem* Miss Luna asked me to step in and explain Mel is not a threat. In fact, we couldn't have saved Axel without her. 
clair: While I appreciate your counsel, Lord Mitsurugi, your 
clair: opinion alone is not enough to—
lia: Then add our opinions to the mix!
iris_stealth: It's Axel Hearts!
erica: Mel is almost as cute as I am. Almost! And the children at 
erica: the orphanage love her, too.
cielo: She helped me when I was having trouble with my father, too. She may be our resident prankster, 
cielo: but she's quite kind at heart.
lia: Sure, her jokes can be surprising, but they make us smile too. 
lia: We hope you come to see her for who she is.
clair: I will take your words into consideration.
iris_stealth: Claire, you can be so stubborn!
clair: I can live with that. I must be going.
iris_stealth: Claire! Wait!
rain: There's no need to worry, Lady Iris. Did you notice Claire's small pause before responding? 
rain: Haha!
rain: Good luck with your performance tonight, ladies. 
rain: Lady Iris is very much looking forward to it.
lia: Thank you! Knowing Lady Iris will be watching has us all fired up and ready to go.
erica: This is your first time seeing us on our home stage, isn't 
erica: it? We'll put on our cutest show yet!
aqua: Hey, I have an idea! Why don't we all celebrate together after the show? 
aqua: There's no problem that bubbly and good food can't fix! 
aqua: What do you think?
darkness: I approve. I'm positive Lady Claire will come around if we can have a calm conversation.
aqua: Great! I'll make sure there's enough booze and food to go around! Kazuma, time to go shopping!
kazuma: Nope. 
aqua: What? D-Do we not have money? 
kazuma: We failed the last quest we took Mel on, which means no money. Nada. Zilch.
aqua: Whaaaaaat?! Kazumaaaa! There's no way we have 
aqua: time to work enough odd jobs today!
megumin: All signs point to undertaking a quest. This is a 
megumin: true adventurer's moment! Time to get rich quick!
darkness: Agreed. If we leave now, we should return before dark.
kazuma: All right. Mel and Claire Reconciliation Brigade, 
kazuma: head out!
erica: The Mel and Claire Reconciliation Brigade? 
erica: Okay! We'll do our best to help out too!
mel: I'm finally done. It may look like water, but one sip and your tongue will be on fire! 
mel: I'll call it Hell's Juice!
mel: No, this is no good! This is just 
mel: another prank!
mel: I really can't figure out something nice to do for Kazuma. 
？？？: Mel!
mel: Eeek! Did Claire find me again?! 
mel: How did she figure out where I live?!
lia: There you are, Mel. We were looking for you. 
mel: Oh, it's Axel Hearts. Please don't scare me like that! 
mel: Did you 
mel: need something?
cielo: Actually, we came to ask you a favor. We were wondering 
cielo: if you would be a part of tonight's performance.
mel: Y-You want me to be part of the show? 
lia: It was Erika's idea, actually. 
lia: We want to help prove to Claire that you're not dangerous and deserve to stay!
erica: Since Iris will be there, you just need to be the cutest you can be tonight!
erica: I'm sure that'll show her you aren't a bad person! Cuteness 
erica: is an ally to justice, you know!
mel: Is it really okay for me to join on such short notice?
lia: Of course. We already know you're a great singer.
mel: Y-You really think so? This is probably the best I can do 
mel: without a little more time...
cielo: Th-That's more than sufficient.
mel_stage: I'm used to meticulous preparation thanks to my pranks! 
mel_stage: A-And I have been hoping to get back on the stage.
lia: We'd be happy to have you! And this is a great way to express your gratitude to Kazuma as well. 
lia: So, are you in? 
mel_stage: Yes, please! I can't wait!
erica: Let's start practicing right away, then. Time is limited!
lia: The song you sang last time inspired us to write a new one. You think you can memorize it in time?
mel_stage: ...My song...inspired you? 
mel_stage: Of course! I'll do my best!
