A Magic Item for This Amnesiac Princess! P5 
ナレーション: Just as Kazuma and the others were about to leave for the mining town of Brake to help Iris regain her memory...
iris_adventurer: Brother! What do you think? Does it look weird? 
kazuma: It's perfect! You look like a normal, every day girl in that outfit! 
iris_adventurer: A normal girl... 
iris_adventurer: That has a nice ring to it... Thanks so much, Brother! 
iris_adventurer: The truth is I've always wanted to experience life outside the castle. 
iris_adventurer: That's part of why I insisted on coming. 
kazuma: I like this adventurous side of Iris! 
kazuma: She's still a good kid, even without her memories.
aqua: Sorry to keep you waiting... 
aqua: Wow! The commoner look really fits you, Iris! 
iris_adventurer: Thank you! 
megumin: I have our introduction letter, and a map to the research facility where this Kreisler supposedly is. 
darkness: Our carriage will be leaving soon. Do you have the tickets? 
kazuma: Right here. Okay, let's go, Iris. 
iris_adventurer: Lead the way! 
Driver: Attention, passengers. The horses are taking a ten minute rest, so please relax or use the bathroom during this break. 
aqua: Oww... My back is aching... 
aqua: How are you doing, Iris? 
iris_adventurer: I'm fine. 
iris_adventurer: In fact, the way the carriage threw me about was rather exciting! 
kazuma: Haha, sorry Iris. We always book the cheapest carriage we can find. 
iris_adventurer: What is that in the distance? 
iris_adventurer: I thought it was just a forest, but it appears to be moving! 
megumin: That is an elder treant. It's the time of year when they seek out fertile land to move to.
iris_adventurer: Amazing... I've never seen anything like it. 
darkness: Is it truly your first time, my lady? 
darkness: Hehe... It seems you're excited to experience the outside world. 
kazuma: She's the same old Iris, all right, even missing her memory.
iris_adventurer: Ah! 
iris_adventurer: Am I holding back our mission? I mustn't get distracted so easily. 
kazuma: Relax a little, Iris. Just because you're on a mission, 
kazuma: doesn't mean you can't have fun doing it. 
iris_adventurer: You're too kind, Brother... 
iris_adventurer: It pains me that I can't recall all the wonderful places I'm sure we've seen together. 
iris_adventurer: I hope I can remember them one day... 
darkness: Lady Iris... 
kazuma: You really are just precious! 
aqua: Disappointed that you've forgotten, instead of sulking in sadness. Just what I'd expect from someone positive like you, Iris.
megumin: Let's get that magic item, reclaim your memory, and return home to Claire and Rain with exciting stories of your adventure. 
iris_adventurer: Yes! That's a wonderful idea! 
iris_adventurer: And I promise I won't forget all of the memories we'll make together on this trip!
Driver: Um, excuse me... I couldn't help but overhear the name Iris just now. You wouldn't be talking about Princess Iris, would you?
kazuma: Ack! Uh, wh-what're you saying?! Don't even know the name. 
Driver: Of course, it's pretty silly of me to think Lady Iris would be in my humble wagon. 
Driver: Have you heard, though? They say Lady Iris has taken ill and all her royal appointments have been canceled.
aqua: Y-Yes, we definitely heard that. She's so young, yet still works so hard for the people. She probably just needs to rest. 
Driver: Her dedication is truly admirable. We all hope she recovers quickly. 
iris_adventurer: ...
darkness: Kazuma! How did we not think of this? 
darkness: Of course we can't be using Lady Iris's name as we travel about. 
megumin: Indeed... We have to maintain the rumor she's ill. 
megumin: We absolutely can't let the truth get out. 
aqua: Do you think her disguise is good enough? 
kazuma: If it fooled the people of Axel, it'll work out here in the sticks. 
kazuma: We do need to figure out what to call her though. 
aqua: Oh! Why don't we drop the "s" in her name? "Iri" is so cute! 
kazuma: Use your brain! That's way too obvious. 
kazuma: She needs an entirely new name. 
kazuma: What about a flower... Like Daisy or Cosmos?
megumin: Lilsis.
iris_adventurer: Huh? 
megumin: You like to call Kazuma "Brother," so that makes you like his little sister. 
megumin: Therefore, we should call you Lilsis. 
kazuma: No way! That's going to draw even MORE attention! 
kazuma: We don't need any Crimson Demon naming conventions here...! 
iris_adventurer: Lilsis... 
iris_adventurer: I think it's cute. I like it! 
Kazuma, Aqua, Darkness: Wha?! 
iris_adventurer: Thank you, Miss Megumin! 
megumin: Ahahahaha! No thanks needed! Feel free to go crazy with it! 
megumin: Now, it's time for us to make you an introduction pose! 
kazuma: Wait, are you really okay with this, Iris? 
kazuma: I don't think it's a very fitting name for a lady of the court...
iris_adventurer: ...
kazuma: Hello? Earth to Iris? A-Are you ignoring me? 
iris_adventurer: My name is Lilsis now. It's a name I like very much. 
iris_adventurer: And if you're not going to call me by it, I shall not respond.
kazuma: She really likes that weird name?! 
kazuma: Could this be a side effect of her memory loss? 
megumin: She likes it, so it's settled. 
megumin: Iris is now known as Lilsis. End scene. 
？？？: GRRROOOOOOAAAAAARRR!!! 
darkness: Wh-What is that thing? Some kind of doll? 
darkness: It's heading straight for us! 
Driver: Th-Th-That's a... GOLEM!!!
megumin: What's a golem doing all the way out here? 
Driver: Don't ask me, I can't remember the last time I saw one of those... Everyone, in the wagon, quickly!
aqua: There's no time. It's almost here! 
aqua: The wagon won't stand a chance at this rate! 
kazuma: There's no choice! 
kazuma: Get ready for battle! Iri—
kazuma: Sorry! 
kazuma: Lilsis, are you ready?! 
iris_adventurer: Yes, Brother! I shall do my best!
