A Magic Item for This Amnesiac Princess! P6 
Lady Golem: Grrraaaaaaggghhh! 
iris_adventurer: Oh no! 
kazuma: Snipe! 
Lady Golem: Argh! 
kazuma: Leave this to us, Lilsis! Stay back where it's safe!
iris_adventurer: Brother! 
iris_adventurer: I'm sorry! 
kazuma: Don't you worry, as long as I'm around, you'll—
Lady Golem: Rrraaaaaahhh!
kazuma: Yaaaaaagh! 
kazuma: S-Stay away from me!
kazuma: 　
iris_adventurer: Brother! 
iris_adventurer: What should I do? He's luring them away to protect me... 
megumin: *Sigh* He can act real brave when it doesn't matter, huh? 
aqua: I get he's trying to show off for Iris, but that doesn't change the fact that he's uselessly weak. 
darkness: Th-This isn't fair! Trade spots with me, Kazuma! 
kazuma: Stop your chit chat and HELP ME! 
Driver: Th-This is where we part ways. Good luck, adventurers... And please never contact me again. Good-bye! 
iris_adventurer: Th-Thank you for your help! 
kazuma: *Sigh* I'm just glad I managed to survive that. 
megumin: Hehe! You can thank me and 
megumin: my explosion magic for that! 
kazuma: You shut it! You nearly destroyed the carriage with your dang explosion magic! 
kazuma: Look at the carriage leaving! It looks like it's going to fall apart any minute!
aqua: You were the useless one running around screaming bloody murder. You can't get mad at her for saving you from those golems.
kazuma: I-I was not! I was protecting Iris! 
kazuma: Everything turned out all right, anyway! No need to sweat the details.
iris_adventurer: I'm sorry, everyone. Claire said I was quite strong before losing my memories, so I thought I would be able to fight. 
darkness: In your condition, it's nothing to be ashamed of. 
darkness: You've simply forgotten how to use your skills for the time being. 
megumin: Are you unable to use Extellion as well? 
iris_adventurer: Ex...what? 
iris_adventurer: I'm unsure what that is. My apologies. 
kazuma: Everything will be okay once we get your memories back. So let's track down this magic item researcher! 
kazuma: Kreisler, was it? 
megumin: That's what it says on our letter of introduction. 
megumin: Let's see... The map says we need to head to the edge of town. 
darkness: I do hope this goes smoothly... 
shelly: My name is Shelly Morris Kreisler, head of the Kreisler Magical Item Research Facility.
kazuma: Well, that was easy. How anticlimactic.
aqua: You can say that again. I don't think things have ever gone this smoothly for us. 
megumin: Well, having an introduction letter endorsed by the royal family and Lilsis being here helped a lot. 
iris_adventurer: I-I'm a little embarrassed. 
darkness: Shelly? I feel like I've heard that name before. 
shelly: Your letter was addressed to my father, but he is currently away on field work. I shall assist you in his stead.
kazuma: Oh, yeah. The old man said there was a daughter. 
kazuma: I assumed she'd look like a typical research nerd, but she's pretty cute.
iris_adventurer: I apologize for arriving unannounced like this. Thank you for seeing us on such short notice. 
shelly: Really, it's no trouble at all. In fact, having the Lady Iris here in person works out perfectly.
aqua: Huh? 
shelly: Don't mind me. 
shelly: Anyway, about the item mentioned in the letter. We are in possession of it at the facility. 
kazuma: Lucky! Isn't that great, Iris? 
iris_adventurer: Yes, I'm thrilled to hear! 
megumin: If you don't mind, we'll just borrow it and—
shelly: Not so fast. This item is single-use, so unfortunately, I can't just hand it over. 
kazuma: Oh no... 
shelly: Which makes this a rather valuable item. 
shelly: If I were to put a price on it, I'd probably have to ask 100 million Eris.
Aqua, Megumin, Darkness: A-A hundred million?! 
shelly: You seem surprised, but I think that's rather reasonable considering how rare an item of this nature is. 
shelly: And this request comes from the princess herself. This would be pocket change for the royal family. 
kazuma: I know it's rare, but she's definitely taking advantage of us. 
kazuma: I guess you can't really put a price on Iris's memories, though. 
kazuma: Fine. I know it's a lot, but Iris could you ask Claire to—
iris_adventurer: The national treasury does not belong to the royal family. 
iris_adventurer: I won't use funds meant for the people for personal gain. 
kazuma: I-Iris?! 
shelly: Hehe... Your sense of duty is admirable. 
shelly: I may be convinced to give you a discount if you do me a little favor first.
iris_adventurer: A favor? 
shelly: That's right. Please forgive my impertinence Lady Iris, 
shelly: but I challenge you to a contest of blades!
aqua: Wh-What the—?! She actually drew her sword!
iris_adventurer: P-Please hold on a moment, Miss Shelly! 
iris_adventurer: Wh-Why are you brandishing your sword? 
shelly: I was born into a family famous for its research of magical items, 
shelly: but my dream is to pursue swordsmanship! 
shelly: Please, allow me to test my training against a member of the royal family, 
shelly: who is known for their military might!
darkness: Shelly... 
darkness: Ah! I remember! 
darkness: Swordmaster Shelly, famous for winning fighting tournaments despite her non-military lineage!
shelly: Come now, fight me! I am not above forcing you if you will deny me! 
shelly: Hyah! 
kazuma: Watch out! 
iris_adventurer: Brother! 
megumin: Kazuma, are you all right?! 
kazuma: Yeesh! Any slower, and I'd be missing a head! Talk about lucky!
aqua: Wow! Kazuma again proves the only useful thing about him is his Luck stat! 
kazuma: Shelly, at least wait until after Iris gets her memories back! 
kazuma: She doesn't even remember how to fight right now! 
shelly: The battlefield waits for no one! Come, inheritor of the royal family! 
shelly: Let us test our skills in an exhilarating battle of life and death! 
kazuma: She's a battle-crazed maniac! 
kazuma: And I'm at my limit! 
kazuma: Don't you know what'll happen to you if you hurt someone in the royal family?! 
shelly: I don't care! When the blade calls, nothing shall stand in its way! 
shelly: Now, let us dawdle no longer! We duel! 
kazuma: There's no reasoning with her! All right, fine! Have it your way! Don't say I didn't warn you! 
darkness: Kazuma, don't tell me—! 
kazuma: STEAL! 
shelly: Huh?! What happened?! Stop hiding from me! Graaaah! 
kazuma: Whoa! Stop swinging that thing around blindly! 
megumin: Kazuma, what'd you steal from her?! Are those Shelly's glasses? 
shelly: Now I've got you... Hyah! 
aqua: Wait, are you saying she's totally blind without her glasses?! 
kazuma: Wow, she's like the very definition of the classic character with glasses trope. 
iris_adventurer: P-Please, calm down! If you don't stop blindly swinging, you're going to destroy the room!
shelly: Over there, are you?! HI-YAAAH! 
darkness: Wait! That's—!
shelly: *Thud* 
shelly: Owww... 
megumin: The wall won that battle. 
megumin: Is this really the same person we were talking to just a minute ago? 
shelly: La... Lady Iris... I challenge...you... 
kazuma: I was worried there for a minute. Good thing she's such a klutz. 
kazuma: Let's tie her up before she goes bananas again.
