A Magic Item for This Amnesiac Princess! P4 
ナレーション: Hoping to find a way to restore Iris's memories, Kazuma and the others searched the castle archives for clues.
kazuma: I guess it wasn't gonna be as easy as finding a how-to guide on restoring memories. 
kazuma: Aqua, can't you work your magic here? 
aqua: It's not that easy. There's no known magic for restoring someone's memories. 
megumin: How about it, Iris? Has spending time with Kazuma helped you remember anything? 
iris: Nothing yet... 
iris: Perhaps hugging you again will help, Brother? 
darkness: L-Lady Iris! 
kazuma: I'm game if she is. Come over here, Sis, and I'll— 
darkness: Don't think we don't see what you're trying to do, Kazuma! Lady Iris is being serious!
aqua: Hey, have you tried banging your head yet? 
kazuma: She's not an old television set! 
darkness: I don't believe you can just reset a human being. Please don't hit Lady Iris. 
kazuma: Yeah, you think Aqua would've learned her lesson when she tried that with a railgun. 
iris: I'm terribly sorry for all this trouble. 
iris: I appreciate all your effort, but I don't want to be too much of a burden. 
kazuma: You really don't change, huh? You've lost your memories, 
kazuma: but you're still putting others and your duties first. 
iris: Amazingly, it seems I still remember what my duties are as a princess. 
iris: Although I largely owe all of it to Miss Claire and Miss Rain... 
iris: I owe them much... 
kazuma: You're too precious! Still, you should feel free to be a little selfish at times. 
kazuma: As your brother, I don't mind!
iris: Brother... 
megumin: Alright, back all the way up Kazuma. Let's go search the shelves over here. 
darkness: Nothing over here, either. 
darkness: How could the royal archives lack even a single book on the subject?
megumin: Kazuma! Kazuma! I think I found something!
kazuma: That book looks like it'll fall apart if I breathe on it. 
kazuma: Wait, what's this?! 
aqua: "Magic Items Even a Giant Toad Can Understand". 
kazuma: How does that have anything to do with memories?! 
megumin: They say not to judge a book by its cover. Right here, it talks about a legendary magic item that can restore memories. 
darkness: Does it say where we can find this item? 
megumin: Unfortunately, no. 
megumin: But on the bright side, since we know it exists all we have to do is find it! 
aqua: I don't know how much of a bright side that is. Where do we even start? 
aqua: If only there were a magic item specialist around here...
megumin: Ah, but there is! I know someone perfect for the job! 
megumin: Let's not waste any time! To the teleporter! 
iris: P-Please allow me to come! 
darkness: Lady Iris? A-Are you sure?
iris: This is my problem. I can't let you deal with it while I do nothing. Please take me with you.
kazuma: Then it's settled. We will go together. So, Megumin... 
kazuma: Where's this magic item specialist of yours? 
megumin: In my old stomping grounds—the Crimson Demon Village! 
Hyoizaburo: So you've finally found the guts, hmm? 
kazuma: G-Guts? 
kazuma: Oh, no, sir! That's not why we're here... 
Hyoizaburo: In that case, don't call me sir! 
clair: Excuse me. We are looking for a certain magical item... 
clair: This isn't much, but we've brought you a gift. 
Hyoizaburo: Oh, ho! This is some fancy cake! Yuiyui, put some tea on for our guests! The good stuff—they're royalty!
megumin: Mother isn't here right now. She's out gathering food for dinner with Komekko. 
megumin: Claire, please explain the situation. 
clair: Y-Yes, of course... We're searching for the magic item mentioned in this book...
Hyoizaburo: A memory restoration item... Unfortunately, I've not beheld this item before. 
darkness: Well, we knew that the chances were small considering the item's rarity.
Hyoizaburo: Ah! But I do know someone in possession of one just like it! 
kazuma: You do?! 
aqua: I thought it was super rare... That was almost suspiciously easy. 
Hyoizaburo: This person is a researcher of unusual magical artifacts. He lives in a town near the mines known as Brake.
iris_stealth: Then the key to my memories may be there! 
iris_stealth: What fun! I'd love to visit a town outside the capital! 
clair: Please wait, Lady Iris! What about your royal duties?! 
clair: Besides, your safety is my and the very kingdom's utmost priority. Please, return to the castle—
iris_stealth: I cannot, Claire. To burden others with this task would be to fail in my royal duties. 
iris_stealth: Do you not agree?
clair: Well, I... 
iris_stealth: Please, I don't want to be sheltered and coddled anymore. 
clair: ...As you wish, Lady Iris. As your faithful servant, it is my foremost duty to follow your command. 
clair: I will ask Miss Rain to spread rumors you are not feeling well to quell any whispers about your absence. 
iris_stealth: Thank you for your understanding, Miss Claire. 
clair: Sir Kazuma, this is no field trip. I am entrusting Lady Iris's safety to you. Do you understand? 
kazuma: Yes ma'am! 
kazuma: I'll protect her with my very life. 
iris_stealth: Brother...
iris_stealth: Though I pray things will not actually come to that. 
kazuma: I didn't mean to worry you, Iris. I'm sorry. 
kazuma: Whatever happens, I promise you won't shed even one tear on this adventure. 
aqua: Does Kazuma think he's some knight in shining armor? Where's his white horse? 
darkness: Yes... I don't quite understand who he thinks he is... 
megumin: If you think about it, showing off is in Kazuma's DNA. 
megumin: Remember him strutting around when people called him a hero? 
kazuma: Hey! Stop talking about me like I'm not here! Ugh, let's get out of here! 
Hyoizaburo: Hah! Truly the man worthy of my daughter! I'll write you an introduction letter to Kreisler, the researcher in Brake. 
Hyoizaburo: If I remember correctly, his daughter should be nearing marrying age, but don't let your eyes wander, boy!
kazuma: You don't have anything to worry about, sir. 
ナレーション: With Megumin's father's letter in hand, the group headed for Brake to meet with the magic item researcher, Kreisler.
