A Magic Item for This Amnesiac Princess! P3 
ナレーション: The next day. Kazuma and company arrive in the capital to meet with Iris at Claire's request. 
clair: Thank you again. Lady Iris is busy with official matters at the moment. 
clair: But she'll be with you shortly. 
kazuma: Busy as always, I see. It must be urgent if she's interrupting her duties to see us. 
megumin: If she's here conducting business, doesn't that mean she's okay? 
aqua: Why'd she need us so badly? 
clair: ...The kingdom itself is in great peril. 
clair: But I can say no more until you meet Her Ladyship.
darkness: The kingdom?! Lady Claire, what do you—
rain: Thank you all for waiting. 
rain: Lady Iris has arrived. 
iris: Thank you, Rain. 
kazuma: Hi, Iris. We were so worried, but you look totally fi— 
iris: Brother, is that you?! 
kazuma: Brother...?! 
kazuma: Uh, I know I said you could think of me as an older brother, 
kazuma: but we're in public... 
iris: I've been dying to see you! 
kazuma: You have?! 
darkness: Lady Iris?! 
megumin: What is happening?! 
aqua: Lady Iris, isn't this a bit forward?! 
kazuma: Since when would Iris just hug me like that? 
kazuma: And calling me "Brother" out in public like that?! Wait! Am I already in Carla's dream?!
darkness: Lady Iris, what has come over you?! 
rain: Please compose yourself, my lady. 
rain: Sir Kazuma is clearly taken aback by your untoward actions.
iris: Oh! 
iris: P-Please forgive me! 
iris: It feels like I haven't seen Kazuma in years, so I... I was overcome... 
kazuma: Iris is being incredibly weird right now. It's not just me, right? 
iris: Um, please forgive my sudden outburst. 
kazuma: What're you talking about? It's already forgotten. I'm just glad to see that you're okay. 
iris: Brother, I... 
iris: I mean, Sir Kazuma... You see, I... 
rain: We must be returning to your duties, my lady. 
iris: B-But... 
clair: Unfurrow your brow, my lady. 
clair: They will wait patiently here for your return. 
iris: Okay... Thank you Claire. I will return with Rain. 
iris: It pleases me to see you again, Sir Kazuma. 
kazuma: M-Me too. Good luck with your duties, Princess. 
iris: Thank you, Broth— 
iris: I mean...Sir Kazuma.
darkness: ...That was rather odd. Lady Iris's forwardness in such a public place shocked me. 
megumin: I don't understand. She didn't even notice the rest of us were here. 
clair: *Sigh* I had really hoped seeing Sir Kazuma would serve to restore her memory...
kazuma: Restore...her memory?
clair: Let us not speak here. There are probing ears everywhere. 
Aqua, Megumin, Darkness: She lost her memory?! 
kazuma: That explains a lot. She was acting like a child. 
clair: The princess's subjects cannot find out that she has lost her memory, 
clair: so we have cleared the castle of all but the most necessary servants. 
aqua: How in the world did she lose her memory? 
clair: An accident. It was a terrible stroke of misfortune. 
clair: If only I had been there in that moment...
iris: Thank you for your service, as always. 
iris: But is it truly necessary for you to be cleaning the ceilings? It's too dangerous for you. 
Maidservant: I could never allow our princess to sleep with even a speck of dust marring her chambers. 
iris: Your diligence is truly appreciated. Please take care of yourself. 
Maidservant: Of course, my lady! And when you return, your entire room will be sparkling clea— AAAGH! 
iris: Look out! The ladder...! 
Maidservant: ......!! O-Oww! I didn't expect to fall! Wait! Lady Iris?! 
iris: Ungh... 
Maidservant: L-Lady Iris, you threw yourself under me to break my fall?! H-Help! Somebody, help!!!
clair: The ladder hit her square in the head. 
clair: And when she awoke, she had no memory of any of us.
aqua: What a terrible injury... 
kazuma: It sounds like something out of a video game or manga... 
clair: Not even our best healer was able to do anything. 
megumin: Wait... There's something I don't get. 
megumin: How is it that Lady Iris remembered Kazuma then?
clair: I'm afraid it's not that she remembers him exactly, 
clair: more of just the feeling that he's a brother figure in her life... 
clair: And that she holds that brother in high regard... 
clair: But why?! Why is it you and not me?! 
kazuma: Hey! Don't start blaming me! 
kazuma: I was just as surprised as anyone when she hugged me.
iris: That you so much for your patience. 
iris: I must apologize again for before. I let my emotions get the better of me. 
kazuma: Iris?! Is everything okay?! 
iris: Yes. I have asked Miss Rain to look after my remaining duties for me.
darkness: I believe he was asking about you and your memories, my lady. 
iris: They haven't returned... But seeing Brothe—
iris: I mean, Sir Kazuma, reminded me of my feelings for him. 
kazuma: Your feelings...? 
kazuma: For me...? 
megumin: Wipe that creepy look off your face, Kazuma. 
megumin: So, you don't remember anything at all?
iris: No... 
iris: Although for some reason Sir Kazuma's presence gives me faith they will come back to me, one way or another... 
kazuma: You think I can trigger your memories? 
kazuma: Is that even possible? 
darkness: I suppose it's a testament to the time you and Lady Iris have spent outside of her life as a princess. 
aqua: Yeah, I remember lots of stuff when I see your face. 
aqua: Endless part time jobs, cold winters, living in the stable... 
kazuma: Those are more like nightmares, but thanks for reminding me. 
megumin: Well, at least we know why we've been brought to the palace: 
megumin: to help Iris get her memory back. 
clair: Yes. We need you now more than ever. Please... Please find a way to help our beloved Lady Iris. 
clair: We beg of you! 
darkness: L-Lady Claire...! Please do not bow your head to us! 
iris: Please help me, Broth— 
iris: I mean, Sir Kazuma... I truly believe you are the key to my memories! Please! 
kazuma: All of you can stop begging. 
kazuma: Stand up straight, and let's get your memories back. 
kazuma: I mean, I've said it's okay before, 
kazuma: so... You can call me "Brother" if you like, okay?
iris: Th-Thank you kindly, Brother! 
ナレーション: And so, Kazuma and company agreed to help save Iris and the kingdom of Belzerg itself from this strange predicament.
