Negotiations with This Magic Item Researcher! P1 
shelly: Hm
shelly: mm...? 
shelly: What's happening? 
aqua: You're finally awake.
shelly: Wait, what's going on?! 
shelly: Why am I tied up?! 
shelly: Get these ropes off of me this instant! Hrnnng!
kazuma: I don't think so. 
kazuma: Don't tell me you forgot what you did. 
kazuma: You attacked Iris with a sword! You were gonna kill her!
iris_adventurer: I'm terribly sorry for doing this to you, but we needed to speak with you and Kazuma insisted this was the only way. 
shelly: L-Lady Iris? 
shelly: Oh, that's right. We were dueling when— 
megumin: We explained Iris's dire amnesia to you over and over again. She's in no shape for a serious fight.
darkness: People call you a Swordmaster, do they not? A student of the blade should never act in such a dishonorable manner. 
darkness: Furthermore, your actions against a member of the royal family warrant the death penalty. Be thankful Lady Iris is so forgiving. 
shelly: I, um... 
shelly: You're right. My actions were unacceptable. 
shelly: I am glad you are unharmed. Please accept my humblest apology.
iris_adventurer: It's okay! It's in the past now. 
shelly: Um... What exactly happened to the room? 
aqua: That was all you, blindly swinging that sword around. 
aqua: You really can't see a thing without those glasses, huh? 
aqua: Yoink! 
shelly: Hey, give those back! 
shelly: I'm totally blind without my glasses! 
kazuma: I'll say it again. What an outdated manga trope. 
kazuma: I guess it is pretty funny, though. 
kazuma: Aqua, give 'em back. We'll untie you, but no more duels to the death, alright? 
shelly: O-Of course. My sincere apologies again, Lady iris. 
iris_adventurer: Please, all is forgiven. 
iris_adventurer: Now, would you tell us more about this item for restoring lost memories?
megumin: Wooow! So many magic items! Look at that one, Kazuma! Doesn't that look super cool?!
kazuma: Calm down, Megumin. Haven't you ever heard the phrase, "You break it you buy it"? 
shelly: He's right. Many of the items in this room are worth over ten million Eris a piece.
megumin: T-Ten million?! 
aqua: I thought it was a big pile of junk. 
shelly: One person's trash is another one's treasure. 
shelly: If you can't understand its value, it's because you don't understand what it is. 
shelly: ...
shelly: Ah, here it is. This is the item that can recover lost memories. 
darkness: This thing? 
darkness: I'm not Aqua, but I see what she means. This doesn't look to be very valuable to me. 
kazuma: Same here. 
kazuma: You're saying this is worth 100 million? 
shelly: Not only is it incredibly rare, but it's also single-use. 
kazuma: I don't think Claire would have any problem paying that much, 
kazuma: but Iris doesn't want to use the kingdom's funds.
iris_adventurer: That's right. It wouldn't feel right using the national treasury for my personal gain. 
iris_adventurer: There must be something I can do myself. 
megumin: Your resolve is admirable. And pretty cool. 
kazuma: Shelly, isn't there any way you could come down on that price? 
kazuma: Or maybe we could trade something for it? 
shelly: A trade, huh? 
kazuma: Yeah, like an especially strong weapon, or help with a quest. 
kazuma: Anything at all? 
shelly: No. Not that the offer isn't appealing... 
shelly: It's just that nothing is valuable enough to— 
iris_adventurer: What about myself, then? 
shelly: Wha?!
iris_adventurer: If you would be willing to give us the item, then once I regain my memories, I will duel you. 
iris_adventurer: Is that acceptable? 
darkness: L-Lady Iris! 
iris_adventurer: As I am now, I cannot use skills and am unfit for combat. 
iris_adventurer: But with my memories restored, I could fight at full strength. 
shelly: A promise of a duel from Lady Iris herself?! 
aqua: Are you sure about this? 
megumin: It's not exactly royal behavior, but I like the Crimson Demon flair. 
shelly: A duel against the princess herself is a once in a lifetime opportunity. It's certainly worth tens of million at least. 
shelly: Very well. Promise me a duel when this is over, and I will part with the item 
shelly: for ten million Eris. 
kazuma: You're still charging?! 
kazuma: I appreciate the discount, but it sounded like you were about to just hand it over. 
shelly: How many times must I explain how rare this is? 
shelly: Not only that, but research isn't exactly cheap, you know. 
shelly: We must at the very least cover the costs of this project, or it'll impede our ability to work on future projects.
iris_adventurer: I understand. I thank you for negotiating with us on this matter. 
iris_adventurer: I will prepare a payment of ten million Eris. 
kazuma: Iris? Are you sure you're okay with this?
iris_adventurer: Do not worry. I've resolved to settle this problem on my own, 
iris_adventurer: and I will not turn my nose at Shelly's kindness. 
shelly: Lady Iris... 
shelly: Thank you, truly. I'm very much looking forward to our duel!
iris_adventurer: As am I! 
iris_adventurer: Isn't this great, Brother? Now all we have to do is prepare ten million Eris!
kazuma: Um, Iris? 
kazuma: For us common folk, ten million Eris isn't an amount to laugh at. 
iris_adventurer: Worry not! I may be small, but I'm stronger than I seem! 
iris_adventurer: I heard of these things called part-time jobs where even novices can work for money. 
iris_adventurer: If you would just assist me in finding one! 
megumin: The princess, working a part-time job?! 
darkness: Please reconsider, Lady Iris. The idea of the princess working a part-time job is— 
iris_adventurer: No, I said I would not rely on others to solve my problems for me. My decision to work is final! 
kazuma: *Sigh* Once she's made up her mind about something, 
kazuma: there's no changing it. 
iris_adventurer: Goal number one! Find a job and earn ten million Eris! 
ナレーション: Despite Kazuma and company's protests, Iris refused to budge in her decision to find a part-time job...
