Negotiations with This Magic Item Researcher! P4 
ナレーション: Arriving at Shelly's estate, Kazuma rang the front bell multiple times. However...
kazuma: Huh. Nobody's home, I guess. I did kind of show up out of the blue, to be fair. 
kazuma: Hm? 
kazuma: Why's the door unlocked? 
kazuma: Excuse me! It's me, Kazuma Satou. Is anybody home? Hello?! Shelly, are you here?! 
kazuma: Guess nobody's home. But why was the door unlocked? 
kazuma: Man, the number of books in this place just screams of a family of researchers. I probably couldn't even understand most of them. 
kazuma: What a giant pile over here... 
kazuma: Huh, this one is unusually thin. I don't see a title anywhere on it, either. Let's see... 
kazuma: "Her face flushed and a passionate sigh escaped her lips as his fingers slowly caressed her silky smooth skin." 
kazuma: HUH?! 
shelly: AUGH! Wh-What are you doing here?!
kazuma: Oh, there you are. I was hoping to talk to you...
shelly: Wait a second! 
shelly: That book you're holding there... 
shelly: Y-Y-You didn't read that, d-did you?
kazuma: Only a few lines. Shelly, is this your work?
shelly: D-D-Don't get the wrong idea! There's no way I would write such lascivious content!
kazuma: "He must have heard her soft sigh, for she felt as if—" 
shelly: Wh-What are you doing?! Put that down! 
shelly: Stop reading it! Pleaaaaaase!
kazuma: I apologize for coming in without permission. 
kazuma: Still...
shelly: Ughhhhhhhh...
kazuma: I never would have pegged researcher and Swordmaster Shelly as the type of person who'd author smut. 
shelly: Could you, uh...maybe keep this to yourself? 
kazuma: No denial, huh? 
shelly: It's one of my great passions. 
kazuma: What's with her? 
kazuma: First the thing with the fighting and the glasses, and now this... I'm getting the sense this girl's as crazy as the others.
shelly: B-B-But...! If word got out to my friends or family, I would absolutely die of embarrassment!
kazuma: Speaking frankly shall lead to rewards, huh? 
kazuma: Maybe Vanir's 
kazuma: advice will come in use after all! 
kazuma: Don't worry. I won't tell a single soul. Everybody's got their secrets. 
shelly: That's a relief. 
shelly: Thank you, I appreciate it. 
kazuma: Well, you see. I'll keep quiet about your hobby of writing erotic novels. 
kazuma: However, in exchange... 
kazuma: This is Iris's savings from working part-time for the last month. I'd appreciate it immensely if you accepted this as payment for the item. 
shelly: Tch... I knew you were bad news after you tied me up last time. 
shelly: You plan to force me to do whatever you fancy, am I wrong? 
shelly: I knew it! It's just like in my novels! 
kazuma: Stop right there! I don't need another Darkness on my hands! 
kazuma: So what'll it be? 
kazuma: Can we have that item?
shelly: You do remember how much that item is worth, don't you? 
kazuma: I don't really mind either way. But if you refuse, I have a straaange feeling this novel may end up on shelves with your name on—
shelly: All right, fine! But remember this, you fiend! 
shelly: One day I will discover a dirty secret of your own! 
shelly: Ahem. 
shelly: However, I have one condition on which I cannot budge. 
kazuma: Oh? I guess I am asking quite a lot from you. 
kazuma: All right, name your condition.
shelly: You see, something in the area has been causing me all sorts of trouble as of late. 
darkness: She wants us to defeat some golems? 
kazuma: Yeah, she said there've been sightings of weird golems in the area around Brake. 
kazuma: Shelly brought back a few of them for research—only to have them escape and attack the nearby residents.
megumin: It sounds like those golems we encountered on the carriage. 
aqua: So there were more of them. 
iris_adventurer: Am I to understand that if we dispatch these golems, Shelly is willing to part with the magic item?
kazuma: Yep. That, plus the wages from your month of working. She gave her word.
iris_adventurer: You're amazing Brother, resolving such impossible negotiations with ease.
kazuma: Aw, "amazing" is an exaggeration, really. I only did what I had to do for my little sister! 
kazuma: While I do feel a teeny tiny bit bad for exploiting Shelly's secret, 
kazuma: I AM helping her out in exchange. Fair's fair.
kazuma: How did those golems escape, anyway? And why so many? They don't usually move in groups.
shelly: Ah, yes, I mean... The little details are unimportant... 
kazuma: I'm suddenly getting the urge to send this novel out to the nearest publisher. 
shelly: Fine, fine! I needed them for my novel! 
shelly: For reference, you understand. R-Regarding how things look... Poses...and the like. 
shelly: Dummies did not provide the...inspiration I needed. 
shelly: But the golems—well, they do whatever you ask of them. 
shelly: So I had them dress up in risqué garb and pose. It was fine at first. But as things went on, they got disobedient. Then one day...
kazuma: I knew you were as crazy as the rest of them. 
kazuma: So they're attacking people out of resentment for the depravity you forced on them. 
shelly: In my defense... Actually, no comment. 
shelly: The golems are growing more savage by the day, as are their raids. 
shelly: My house's honor is at stake. 
shelly: Please help me! 
kazuma: You'd think a girl hailing from a family of esteemed researchers would have it relatively together. 
kazuma: Boy was I wrong. 
iris_adventurer: Brother, what's wrong? Oh no, you must be overworking yourself, all for my sake... 
kazuma: No, no. I just got distracted by some unwanted thoughts. 
kazuma: Our matter's as good as solved. Just need to see it through. 
iris_adventurer: Okay! Though I might not be much help, I'll do what I can on the battlefield! 
darkness: A-Are you sure, Princess? 
darkness: Considering the danger, perhaps— 
iris_adventurer: I implore you, take me with you. Though I held you back before, this time I promise to be of use to you!
megumin: Such commendable bravery. 
megumin: By all means, witness this mighty arch wizard ply her craft on the field of battle.
aqua: And don't forget a certain graceful goddess of the aquatic elements! 
aqua: Witness my mastery over water! 
kazuma: I'm somehow...even more worried than before... 
kazuma: Still, wanting to pull your own weight's a good thing... Just one more errand, we'll have the item 
kazuma: and Iris's memories!
ナレーション: A very motivated Kazuma and company began to make preparations for the coming battle with the golems.
