The Mystery of This Magic Item's Whereabouts! P6
Lady Golem C: Activate cleaning protocol...
kazuma: Darkness! Slow this one down for us!
darkness: On it! Hrnnnnnngh!
Lady Golem C: ...Attack!
darkness: Ungh! It may be cute, but it's still a golem! 
darkness: Its punishing blows are well worth taking! 
darkness: Now, everyone!
Iris, Shelly: Hraaah!
Lady Golem C: C-Cleaning failed...
megumin: You did it! What a combo, you two!
aqua: Training together really paid off.
kazuma: Iris, Shelly... Good work. I think they've all been taken care of.
iris_adventurer: Thank you! I could not have done it without your guidance, Brother!
shelly: And now the artifacts are finally back in our possession! 
shelly: And without further delay... Here, Lady Iris... I am sorry it took so long!
iris_adventurer: Thank you so much for doing this for me, Miss Shelly. 
iris_adventurer: And I must thank all of you for your help as well.
aqua: Don't worry about it! All that's left is to start planning our celebration! We can have it at the capital so Claire and Rain can join in.
megumin: Ooh, I can take care of the fireworks. 
megumin: It'll be an explosive display you'll never forget!
iris_adventurer: I cannot guarantee that I can secure permission, but... 
iris_adventurer: I will make sure to ask Miss Rain all the same!
shelly: Um, I have nothing against a celebration per se, but... 
shelly: I would like to discuss our duel, Lady—
kazuma: Hold that thought! 
kazuma: Let's continue our chat outside, okay? It'll be safe to relax once we leave this dungeon and get back to Axel. 
kazuma: We need to get these magic items on the wagon and—
Lady Golem C: Mission failed... Initiating self-destruct... All personnel must evacuate immediately...
kazuma: Huh? Self-destruct?
darkness: Now I remember... The other golem we fought did explode in the end...
megumin: Th-The journal! The journal, Aqua! 
megumin: Does it say anything about how to stop a golem from self-destructing?!
aqua: The journal! Right, the journal... Umm...
Researcher: "If the golems can't retrieve my magic items or if someone interferes, 
Researcher: they will self-destruct and destroy the items and any meddlers in one go!" 
Researcher: "Oh, but I'd hate for it to go off by accident, so I should install a timer. 
Researcher: Ha! I think of everything, don't I?"
kazuma: Come on, already! How do we stop it?
aqua: Wait, this might be it here. 
aqua: "P.S. Once the timer starts...
aqua: it can't be stopped. Sorry!"
Megumin, Darkness: ...Huh?
kazuma: Run for your lives!!!
iris_adventurer: *Pant pant* 
iris_adventurer: Is everyone all right?
shelly: I... I think so...
kazuma: Looks like we made it... 
kazuma: Megumin, Aqua, Darkness!
aqua: *Cough cough* 
aqua: Ugh... My mouth tastes like dirt...
darkness: Th-That was quite an explosion... Not only did it take out the magic items, but the ruins as well.
megumin: ...Ptooey! 
megumin: Oh yeah! What about the magic item?!
shelly: I couldn't grab it in time... It was buried under the rubble...
kazuma: Damn that insane horde of self-destructing golems!
darkness: We probably should have expected it as soon as we learned who was behind the golems...
shelly: I-I'm going to start digging through the rubble! 
shelly: Some of the items might still be salvageable!
iris_adventurer: You're right! We might also be able to find the item that can restore my memory.
kazuma: Y-Yes, good idea. Let's get to it! 
kazuma: Also...we should hurry before someone figures out we're the ones who set off the golems... 
kazuma: We could be hit with a huge fine again for destroying the place! 
kazuma: Wait, even worse... If we don't find a way to bring back Iris's memory, I don't even want to think—
kazuma: Ack! 
kazuma: Aqua, Megumin, Darkness! Get digging already! Keep going until we find that magic item! Our lives depend on it!
Aqua, Megumin, Darkness: Whaaat?!
ナレーション: Kazuma and the others desperately searched the rubble in hopes of finding the item that could restore Iris's memory.
