The Mystery of This Magic Item's Whereabouts! P3
aqua: We're back! You two are hungry, right? 
aqua: Let's go get something to eat at the guild!
iris_adventurer: Welcome back, everyone! How was your quest?
kazuma: It went surprisingly well, actually. 
kazuma: We were surprised by some monsters, 
kazuma: but Megumin's Explosion sent them sky-high.
megumin: Hehe... No monster is a match for the mightiest of magic!
darkness: Princess, where is Shelly? 
iris_adventurer: She decided to head back to the inn and retire for the night.
aqua: Huh? Already? 
aqua: The night's just getting started! 
aqua: I picked up a bottle of bubbly I thought she might like and everything.
kazuma: Well, she usually heads to bed early. Swinging that sword and researching magical items all day must be tiring.
iris_adventurer: I think Miss Shelly's a wonderful person. She even helped me with my sword practice.
aqua: Isn't that because she wants to cross blades with you?
iris_adventurer: Even so, I can't say I dueled Princess Iris in a true sense.
iris_adventurer: In spite of that, she still continues to help me with my training, which is a testament to her kind character.
kazuma: Maybe so... Regardless, Shelly has her own schedule to keep. We can invite her around tomorrow—
melissa: Got a minute?
darkness: Melissa? It's not often you come by. 
kazuma: Track down a lead on the requested investigation?
melissa: Sure did. I asked around about any strange incidents recently
melissa: and it seems magic items have been purloined from other towns too.
iris_adventurer: By the same group of golems?
melissa: The very ones. They had all the characteristics you described. They hit, run, and are out of control.
megumin: What's their aim, do you think?
melissa: I couldn't figure that part out. 
melissa: But I did manage to track down their lair—where they're hoarding their ill-gotten gains.
darkness: And where would that be?
melissa: I wrote it down right here. I'll be awaiting my payment.
kazuma: You got it! Thanks a lot, Melissa!
aqua: This is great! Now we can get those artifacts back!
kazuma: Let's head out tomorrow. 
kazuma: I wonder if Shelly's still awake. 
kazuma: I'll go get her so we can hash out a plan.
kazuma: Shelly, you awake?
kazuma: Huh. The door's ajar... If I barge in, I risk getting impaled like last time. Best go it slow...
shelly: "Keh keh keh. Given up finally? I suppose not even a woman of the sword can resist when brought so low!"
kazuma: Well, that's definitely her voice. She must be awake. 
kazuma: She's talking to her desk...
kazuma: Who is she talking to?
shelly: "Argh, just kill me!"
shelly: Her defiant words were undercut by the flush to her cheeks, and the way her heart raced at being bound and helpless.
shelly: "So you claim. But your actions betray your words entirely! Hehehe... 
shelly: MWAHAHAHA!" 
shelly: ...Huh?
kazuma: Sorry for intruding. I'll leave you to it.
shelly: K-K-Kazuma?! 
shelly: N-No, this isn't what it looks like!
kazuma: Of course it is. I've already seen it before.
shelly: Urgh... Yeah, it is. But please don't say it like it's something disgusting. 
kazuma: On top of that, it's the typical female knight story. 
kazuma: Were you inspired by Darkness or something?
shelly: S-Stop! Don't read that!
kazuma: *Sigh* I know you're careful, but don't let Iris find out. 
kazuma: I'm afraid of the aftermath.
kazuma: Most of her handlers will do something about it.
shelly: But of course. I've taken every possible precaution on that front. 
shelly: So...what brings you here?
kazuma: Right, right. Melissa is back. She found out where the magical wares are.
shelly: Really?! Where?!
kazuma: We were just about to go over that in detail. The gang's assembled, so why don't you come over?
shelly: By all means!
kazuma: I'm sorry to bring you here when you were about to go to bed.
shelly: It's fine. 
shelly: That's not exactly the case. Though I did tell Iris that I was going to bed early...
shelly: I've actually been writing at night. 
kazuma: ...Okay.
ナレーション: Kazuma brought Shelly back to the mansion, where the gang set out their plans to retrieve the magical wares the next day.
