The Mystery of This Magic Item's Whereabouts! P4
clair: The magic item was...
clair: STOLEN?! 
clair: What madness is this, Kazuma?
kazuma: Gack! 
kazuma: M-My neck...! Let go!
clair: Don't tell me I hauled a small fortune here for nothing!
iris_adventurer: Claire, please, calm yourself. Brother can't breathe.
clair: A-Apologies. 
clair: I was overwhelmed by emotion.
kazuma: *Cough cough* I saw the face of death itself...
Driver: My lords and ladies? Are we not departing?
darkness: Apologies. We'd be indebted if you waited just a little while longer.
kazuma: I didn't think Claire would find us before we left to retrieve the artifact... 
kazuma: Talk about bad luck...
clair: So you think golems are behind this? If that's your idea of a joke, I fail to see the humor!
clair: Swordmaster Shelly spends her days at that very laboratory. Mere bandits could not overcome her expert blade skills.
shelly: Sorry. I did kind of lose to them...
aqua: Don't beat yourself up. You didn't have your glasses. 
aqua: Everyone stumbles now and then.
megumin: That's right. Plus, the tables are about to turn. 
megumin: We know where to go, and we'll get that item back in now time!
iris_adventurer: Oh, please let me accompany them, Miss Claire. I can't sit idly by while others work to restore my memory.
clair: Yes, you've made that point time and again...
clair: While I applaud your bravery, you must understand— 
clair: I cannot allow you to place yourself in harm's way any longer. We have a location. 
clair: I'll go—alone.
kazuma: That's crazy talk. No way you can pull this off solo. Besides, I've already paid for everyone's ride there. 
kazuma: C'mon Claire. The whole gang'll be there. We should respect Iris's desire to pull her own weight.
clair: Grr... You may have a point— 
clair: No! 
clair: Risking the princess would be a blatant abdication of my duty. I cannot allow it!
iris_adventurer: Oh Claire, you'll never understand! 
iris_adventurer: Everyone, get on board the carriage!
aqua: Sounds good to me! We're off!
kazuma: Huh?! When did YOU guys get on?!
darkness: The princess foresaw that things might play out like this and had us ready our departure.
iris_adventurer: Brother, your hand!
kazuma: O-Okay!
megumin: That's our cue to leave, Mr. Coachman! Full speed ahead!
clair: Get back here this instant! I'm not finished with you...!
iris_adventurer: Sorry, Miss Claire! I'll accept any punishment when we get back!
clair: That's not how this works! 
clair: Halt! Halt at once, I say!
aqua: Well, we're off to a rousing start.
kazuma: That's an understatement if I've ever heard one.
Driver: Is everything okay? That royal knight seemed rather upset...
iris_adventurer: Everything is fine. I'll apologize profusely on my return. Besides... 
iris_adventurer: After we restore my memory, I'll have far less opportunities for adventure. 
iris_adventurer: Do you think I'm being selfish?
kazuma: No, you're being yourself. I'm glad. And remember, even after your memory returns, we can still have adventures.
iris_adventurer: Thank you. I'll look forward to it!
megumin: And now for our objective: recovering Shelly's stolen wares.
darkness: Hmm... 
darkness: According to Melissa's map, their hideout should be among these ruins.
Lady Golem A: Transport protocol engaged... Transporting...
darkness: A see a few golems out front... 
darkness: It looks like they're moving their spoils inside.
Driver: My apologies, but this is as far as I can take you. Mind going the rest of the way on foot?
iris_adventurer: But of course. Thank you for your services! Do take care on the way back.
megumin: As Melissa said, looks like there's only one way in or out.
kazuma: Then we proceed as planned. I'll use my Lurk skill to infiltrate—
Lady Golem B: Intruder alert! Neutralizing!
kazuma: Crud, they're on to us!
Iris, Shelly: Haaah!
Lady Golem B: Hwrmgh?!
shelly: Kazuma, restrain these golems!
kazuma: Y-You got it! 
kazuma: Bind!
iris_adventurer: Phew. Thanks for the assistance, Brother. 
iris_adventurer: I trust that everyone is unscathed?
darkness: Yes, thanks to you. You downed those golems before they could attack us, well done.
kazuma: You know your way around a blade, Shelly.
shelly: As I should! And don't worry, I'm wearing my extra-snug frames today. They won't catch me off guard again! 
shelly: I will get our magic items back... 
shelly: And I won't let anything stand in my way!
