The Mystery of This Magic Item's Whereabouts! P5
ナレーション: After entering the ruins in search of the missing magic items, the group moved cautiously in order to avoid the golems.
Lady Golem A: Patrolling... Patrolling...
megumin: Grr... More of them? 
megumin: You're up, Kazuma.
kazuma: All right, how about that wall over there? 
kazuma: Snipe!
Lady Golem B: Anomaly detected! Proceeding to investigate...
iris_adventurer: Good shot, Brother! 
iris_adventurer: Now, let's get moving while the golem is distracted!
darkness: Phew... 
darkness: We've eluded the golem, and it looks like we've made it to the deeper recesses of the ruins...
shelly: The layout here has much in common with other dungeons. 
shelly: As long as we avoid any traps, we should be safe.
aqua: We'll have no problem making our way through! 
aqua: Let's get back that item and say goodbye to this cramped, dingy dump!
darkness: Uh...! Wait, Aqua! Don't put your hand on that wall!
aqua: What? Why? 
aqua: O-Oh, right, right. This suspicious looking switch here, yeah? I already saw it.
kazuma: Huh? You weren't about to spring yet another trap, then?
aqua: I can learn from my mistakes you know, Kazuma! 
aqua: This wasn't nearly as close as those times before.
kazuma: You know that those words set off alarm bells when they come out of your mouth, right? 
kazuma: It's not like you've ever done much self-reflecting, either...
aqua: How rude! Don't you know that goddesses have innate wisdom? Try to relax for once. 
aqua: Okay! Time to go, everyone!
Everyone: Ugh...
aqua: ...Hey! Why are you all just standing there? Let's get moving! 
aqua: That nasty golem is on our tail, remember?
kazuma: I don't know... This feels too obvious, like it's another trap.
darkness: What's this, some kind of door?
megumin: It's the coolest door I've ever seen! The magic items we're looking for have to be behind it!
aqua: We won't be able to open it... It's shut tight. 
aqua: Guess that means it's time for my divine fist to do its thing!
kazuma: Hold it, Aqua. Let's save the brute force for later, okay? 
kazuma: Look—there's a super suspicious panel by the door.
shelly: Is this...? 
shelly: Yes, it's some kind of code. Give me one second. Father wrote about this in his research journal. 
shelly: Yes, here we go. If you align them in this order...
darkness: The door is opening!
aqua: Good work, Shelly! No door can hold you back!
shelly: Hehe. I think my father deserves credit for this one. 
shelly: Now let's see what's behind it...
megumin: Look at all these golems! Do you think their creator would be angry if I took one or two home with me?!
kazuma: Megumin! Focus on the mission, will you? 
kazuma: Any sign of your magic items, Shelly?
shelly: I think so! There's something in the back of this room! 
shelly: ...Which means these golems must be here to eliminate any intruders?
darkness: Then surely they would have come online the moment we entered the room, no?
megumin: I still don't understand why these golems are collecting magic items though. 
megumin: I wonder if they're working for someone.
aqua: Hey, is that a journal lying over there?
kazuma: A journal? This suddenly seems really familiar...
aqua: Let me take a look... 
aqua: "What a fool I've been. Swept up by my own genius only to make that...thing."
Researcher: "My early ideas were quite brilliant, really—like an item to cure amnesia. 
Researcher: Later though, making magic items was a real drag." 
Researcher: "No matter what garbage I cobbled together to kill time, 
Researcher: the people here fell over themselves to praise me 
Researcher: and said my magic items would change lives." 
Researcher: "They said they'd share my items with the world, 
Researcher: but what's the point of that? 
Researcher: I made that junk on a whim, that's all." 
Researcher: "Do what you want, I thought at first, 
Researcher: but it was too embarrassing. 
Researcher: I had not choice but to dispatch 
Researcher: my retrieval golems." 
Researcher: "It took time to design their appearance and functionality. 
Researcher: But as soon as I built them they began collecting everything." 
Researcher: "At least they'll be able to erase my dark past, 
Researcher: even if it has to happen after my passing. 
Researcher: I gave them a reboot feature, you see..."
kazuma: Not this guy again! Hasn't he caused us enough trouble!
aqua: Yeah, sorry about that.
megumin: Kazuma, what does any of that mean? Explain it so we can understand...
kazuma: Basically, some guy built these golems so that he could get his magic items back. 
kazuma: So the golems are simply following his order to retrieve all of these artifacts.
darkness: So that's what happened. And this person is no longer alive, right? 
darkness: So who is controlling the golems now?
iris_adventurer: Could it be the spirit of the researcher?
aqua: Wait, there's more in the journal... In order to restart the golems, it seems he made a Queen Golem too. 
aqua: "If anyone ever awakens the golems, she'll be ready to give them new orders. Truly a genius move on my part."
kazuma: A Queen Golem...? 
kazuma: You mean that one we found in those ruins?!
darkness: Yes, he must be referring to that sadistic golem we woke up, the one that takes pleasure in merciless torture.
kazuma: You can't be serious! THAT'S the plot twist we've been trying to solve this whole damn time?! How anticlimactic!
megumin: C-Calm down, Kazuma. 
megumin: You'll wake the golems if you don't be quiet! 
megumin: I think we should still be okay, fortunately.
iris_adventurer: I agree. I don't know where you guys were or what you did, Brother, but...
iris_adventurer: These golems don't seem to be moving, so I think we should get the magic items we need and leave.
shelly: Yes, my thoughts exactly. We must take care not to wake them as we retrieve the artifacts... 
shelly: I'll need your help, everyone!
aqua: Leave it to us! 
aqua: Oh, but before we start, I should put this journal back where I—
aqua: Hmmm? Was that a switch I just felt underfoot...?
Lady Golems: Trip switch activated... Activating Destroyer Mode...
kazuma: You tripped another switch, didn't you?! 
kazuma: What was that you said about goddesses learning from their mistakes, again?! You fool!
aqua: How is this my fault?! You should be blaming that twisted researcher for putting a trap here!
iris_adventurer: U-Uh, now might not be the best to argue. 
iris_adventurer: The golems are coming for us!
