The Mystery of This Magic Item's Whereabouts! P2
kazuma_jersey: *Yawn* 
kazuma_jersey: Mornin'.
aqua: Morning, Kazuma. 
aqua: Hwa! Ha! 
aqua: This trick's harder than I thought.
darkness: But compared to where you began, you've improved considerably. I'd say it's show-ready.
iris_adventurer: I agree. You're very talented, Aqua.
kazuma_jersey: Uh, just what are they doing so early in the morning?
megumin: Actually, it's nearly noon. 
megumin: And Aqua's been practicing a new act for Shelly's welcome party tonight.
kazuma_jersey: Welcome party? 
kazuma_jersey: Ah, right. She'll be staying in Axel until she gets her stolen goods back.
darkness: Yep. I reserved a table at the guild tavern. We'll swing by to get her once it's time, so go get ready. 
kazuma_jersey: Gotcha. 
kazuma_jersey: I'm pretty much ready right now.
iris_adventurer: Hold on, Brother. Your hair is all mussed up. Maybe you should fix it before we go?
kazuma_jersey: *Yawn*
iris_adventurer: Brother! Are you listening to me?
kazuma_jersey: Waking up to a little sister critiquing my bedhead? Today's gonna be a good day.
kazuma: Hello, Shelly? 
kazuma: Since you're in town for a while, we wanted to throw a little welcome party for—
shelly: Hyaaaaaagh!
kazuma: Holy heck!
iris_adventurer: Kazuma?!
darkness: She...buried the sword in the door. Deep.
shelly: A-Are you okay, Kazuma?! 
shelly: Apologies. I was completely immersed in my training.
kazuma: N-No problem. Just take it down a notch, would you?
megumin: Why don't we get moving guys?
aqua: Yeah! Time to eat, drink, and be merry! 
aqua: I also thought up a new party trick for you, Shelly. You're gonna love it.
shelly: Drink and be merry? New party trick? 
shelly: Sorry, but I'm not sure I follow you...
kazuma: Since you're stuck in Axel for a while, we decided to throw you a welcome party. C'mon, let's go eat!
shelly: Welcome party? 
shelly: Huh?! F-For me?
iris_adventurer: Of course it's for you.
darkness: You must be hungry after training so hard. Looks like we caught you at the perfect time.
shelly: Thank you...
shelly: all of you.
shelly: Oh, one moment! 
shelly: I need to apologize to the owner of this door!
kazuma: Shelly's a pretty honest gal. 
kazuma: A toast—to our newest friend in Axel! 
kazuma: Cheers!
Everyone: Cheers!
shelly: Ch-Cheers...
iris_adventurer: What's wrong, Miss Shelly? You seem...apprehensive.
shelly: Oh, it's nothing really. I was just taking in the hustle and bustle of the guild here.
kazuma: Ah, this? It's only lunchtime. It really gets wild come nightfall. 
kazuma: Parties pour in to claim their quest rewards.
darkness: Do you not visit the guild often, Shelly?
shelly: Can't say I do. I'm usually deep in my research around this time of day... That, or practicing my sword skills. 
shelly: Which reminds me! Princess, I would love nothing more than to converse with you on the finer points of swordplay—
iris_adventurer: N-Not so loud! When among the people, I go by Lilsis now.
shelly: Of course... Well then, Lilsis. Please, let us talk later, swordsman to swordsman.
shelly: It might even jog your memory.
kazuma: And then you come at her swinging, right? 
kazuma: No more of that, please, especially not with her.
shelly: I-I wouldn't dream of it.
aqua: So it's either training or research, each and every day? Don't you get bored?
shelly: Not at all. Furthering one's knowledge of enchanted artifacts is a Kreisler's sworn mission. 
shelly: And in my case, that means studying the sword as well.
kazuma: Admirable, eh, Darkness? Nothing like a certain crusader who fantasizes about being ensnared by the Devil King's army.
darkness: K-Kazuma! This isn't the place to talk about such things!
shelly: A crusader? 
shelly: Ensnared by the Devil King's army, you say? 
shelly: What steamy, salacious talk is this?
kazuma: Uh, why's Shelly going beet red?
darkness: Because you shamelessly spoke of a female knight, bound and penned by the Devil King's lackeys—
darkness: forced to shed her honor!
shelly: T-That's enough, Darkness! Why are you filling in the details?!
megumin: Shelly, don't rock the table or you'll spill—
shelly: Dearie me! So sorry about that. I'll get this cleaned up in a flash... 
shelly: Oh nooo!
iris_adventurer: Oh my. Now she's knocked over a plate.
kazuma: *Sigh* She's cute, but a handful.
aqua: Ladies and gents, it's time for tonight's main attraction, 
aqua: the marvelous maestro of unparalleled party tricks!
ナレーション: The gang cleaned up, going on to enjoy a night of raucous merriment.
