The Mystery of This Magic Item's Whereabouts! P1 
clair: Ten million eris. Can the sum be readied, and soon? 
Treasurer: If it be for the princess, but of course. I must say though, it'll be no small feat.
clair: She believes the royal coffers exist solely for her. 
clair: subjects. How noble, even when bereft of memory!
clair: Send for a carriage. I'll be off the second the money is ready.
clair: Wait for me, my dear princess...!
kazuma: That's more or less what I imagine Claire's up to. 
kazuma: Except now we have no magic item to purchase!
darkness: Go easy on Shelly. She's feeling bad enough as it is.
megumin: Say, Shelly, where I should put this staff? 
megumin: The one that's been tragically snapped in two.
shelly: Snapped?! No, it can't be! 
shelly: That rod was imbued with a magic-amplifying enchantment. It was one of a kind...
aqua: And what about this sad, tattered cloth?
shelly: Oh the tragedy! That veil granted its wearer invisibility for short periods of time! 
shelly: I was still studying it...
iris_adventurer: Look at the upturned furniture. It's as if the thieves were searching for something specific.
shelly: The items my father was researching are gone—that was was their aim. 
shelly: Oh, how will I ever tell him what happened?
shelly: My father spent decades of his life researching peculiar magic items he found in ruins and faraway lands. He'll be heartbroken.
iris_adventurer: So they were all rare artifacts?
shelly: Very. One was a girdle that, when you clasped it around your waist and posed, induced the delusion that you'd become a legendary warrior. 
shelly: Yet another was a replica of the ultimate wizard's staff. 
shelly: There was also this sword with a soft edge—that talked.
megumin: T-TOO COOL! I'd no idea that such incredible magic items even existed!
kazuma: Is it just me or do those so-called magic items sound a lot like toys for small children?
aqua: But why strike now— right when we need one of those artifacts?  
aqua: The timing's too much of a coincidence!
shelly: The blame lies with me... 
shelly: In spite of my father's absence, I neglected to reinforce our security detail.
darkness: I guess even swordmasters have vulnerabilities.
shelly: My apologies. It would seem so.
megumin: There's no use dwelling on the past! 
megumin: What was taken can always be taken back!
aqua: Exactly! Let's hit the road, Kazuma. 
aqua: The golems are getting further away as we speak.
kazuma: Unfortunately...we don't know where they went.
shelly: I'll do what I can to rustle up leads! 
shelly: If it means getting those items back, there's nothing I won't do!
kazuma: For starters, petition the guild with an official request for aid.
kazuma: Info about your stolen items might trickle in.
melissa: You need something? Well, I'm here, so start talking.
kazuma: Thanks for coming, Melissa. A certain high-value magic item was pilfered from Shelly's lab. 
kazuma: We need you to find it.
shelly: A-Any assistance would be greatly appreciated.
kazuma: Treasure hunting's your area of expertise, yes?
melissa: A rhetorical question, I assume. 
melissa: This is the same magic item hunt that the guild just announced, right?
darkness: So you've already heard about that. That was fast.
melissa: I keep tabs on all treasure-related quests. 
melissa: But why ask for the guild's help at the same time you're asking me?
kazuma: Insurance. See, we'll be accepting the guild quest. 
kazuma: Once you find us a lead, we'll take over the heavy lifting.
melissa: Splitting the burden, eh? 
melissa: Fine, but if you want my help, you gotta pay up front.
kazuma: Shelly'll take care of that.
shelly: I will?!
kazuma: To recover those stolen items, I seem to remember a certain someone saying they'd do—what was it again?
shelly: Ugh... Anything. I said I'd do anything...
melissa: One thing. I don't need to tell you what will happen should valuables other than those magic items turn up, do I?
kazuma: Eh? 
kazuma: Well, alright. The magic items are our sole concern.
melissa: Lovely. Then I'm willing to lend my services for this outing.
darkness: Really?
melissa: Sure. It's an official guild quest, issued by a client who is clearly loaded. 
melissa: What's more...
melissa: I smell treasure. Lots of it. My treasure hunter instincts are thoroughly piqued.
ナレーション: After asking Kazuma and the gang to prepare her fee, Melissa set off on her latest hunt...
