Some Ore for This Broken Magic Item! P3
ナレーション: Kazuma and company were working with Vanir to find the treasure they sought. Meanwhile...
shelly: Okay, the artifact seems to be mostly repaired now. 
shelly: Maybe everything is going to be okay.
shelly: The only thing the artifact needs is its new malenium core...and then I can use it to restore Iris's memory. 
shelly: I do hope Kazuma and the others are all right...
kazuma: Tch. No luck in this room either. 
kazuma: How about the rest of you?
darkness: We found a chest, but no sign of any malenium.
aqua: Kazuma, my feet are killing me!
kazuma: Mine too. Let's call it a day, people.
iris_adventurer: Thank you for your help today, everyone. It is a shame that we could not find any malenium.
aqua: Well, we did make a lot great finds.
darkness: Indeed. Shelly will be very pleased to see how many ancient magic items we found in the most recent dungeon.
kazuma: Shelly did say that many older magic items were constructed using malenium. 
kazuma: Since we found some of those artifacts, it stands to reason that we'll find the metal too.
iris_adventurer: That's the spirit! Let's try again tomorrow!
cielo: Oh, hey everyone. When did you all get back?
erica: Are you okay? It's a rare occasion seeing you in Axel these days...
kazuma: It's a long story... 
kazuma: We're searching for a rare metal, which turned out to be rarer than we thought...
lia: You're searching for a rare metal? 
cielo: That's funny. First prize for the contest we entered is an incredibly rare ore.
kazuma: First...prize? 
kazuma: You mean for the winner of the Showtime Sing-Off?!
erica: Yes. I think it's called...malenium? 
erica: You should see its shape and shine! It's so cute!
darkness: Where did they find some? We've been searching for days...
kazuma: Wait a second...
banil: I would never force you to do anything...
banil: Ah, I see your ore right now... Under a bright light and easily within reach.
kazuma: ...All right, all right, you have a deal!
kazuma: Any chance of finding malenium is one worth taking.
kazuma: Damn that sneaky demon! He had us running around in circles this whole time!
lia: Huh?! 
lia: What are you talking about, Kazuma?
kazuma: Oh, nothing. 
kazuma: Say, how come they have something as rare as malenium as a contest prize?
cielo: The lord hosting the Showtime Sing-Off is an absolute fanatic when it comes to collecting rare metal and minerals.
lia: You can say that again. But his wife is mad at how big his collection's gotten, so she's making him give some away.
erica: He begged her to reconsider, but she refused to budge.
erica: So he decided to give it to someone with a beautiful voice.
kazuma: ...Poor guy. But his loss is our gain.
lia: The contest has actually become quite heated due to the prize. 
lia: That makes it all the more worthwhile though.
kazuma: That's the spirit, Lia!
lia: I'm just happy to share our voice with people. This contest will be the perfect chance to reach a wider audience.
kazuma: You've opened my eyes. It wasn't like me, 
kazuma: just going around looking for treasure like every other adventurer... 
kazuma: I'd much rather get what I want by any means necessary! 
kazuma: I'm going to help you win that contest! 
kazuma: If you'll have me, that is!
erica: Are you sure? I thought you had more pressing business...
kazuma: Don't worry. The producer of Axel Hearts knows where his priorities lie, 
kazuma: and that's with helping you succeed!
aqua: Come on, we all know you're just tired of exploring dungeons.
megumin: You said it. He always opts for the shortcut, doesn't he?
iris_adventurer: So does that mean we are giving up on the dungeons?
kazuma: Not entirely, Iris. Just taking a break. I'll let Vanir know too. 
kazuma: And besides...
kazuma: It's not only Axel Hearts who'll be competing in the contest. 
kazuma: Lots of groups will be after that prize!
lia: Okay, I think we're all set for the main event.
erica: Really? I feel like there are a few places where we could add some cute moves...
cielo: This is the Showtime Sing-Off after all. We need to be at our absolute best.
kazuma: Break time, ladies! Here, I got you some delicious skewers.
erica: Oh my, they look yummy! 
erica: Thanks, Kazuma! Your timing is perfect! I was totally read to grab some lunch!
lia: Thanks. I know you have your hands full helping the others rehearse.
kazuma: They're a handful all right. 
kazuma: I said it's singing contest, but they just want to do party tricks and explosions.
lia: Ahahaha... 
lia: By the way, how's Lady Iris doing? She looked pretty nervous about singing in public.
kazuma: She's practicing with Mel and Shelly right now. She was a little nervous at first but seems to be enjoying herself now.
lia: We should rehearse together. We might learn something from each other's acts.
kazuma: Hey, that's a great idea.
cielo: Yes, I agree! There's strength in numbers, as they say! 
cielo: And I have the perfect rehearsal program for us!
kazuma: Easy there, Cielo. We don't want to overwhelm anybody. 
kazuma: Remember, we're talking about amateurs.
erica: Oh, that's a good point, Kazuma. You're a great producer... 
erica: Or do you prefer coach?
kazuma: Well, someone has to lead us to victory! There's a lot riding on this contest. 
kazuma: Alright, I'm heading back. 
kazuma: I only hope Iris's cover isn't blown by her performing in public. 
kazuma: She should probably stay out of the spotlight.
ナレーション: Shouldering their apprehension, Kazuma and the others put their full efforts into practicing for the upcoming Showtime Sing-Off.
