この壊れた魔道具に鉱石を！④
ナレーション: As the group rehearsed for the singing contest, Lia sat at her desk with a serious look on her face.
lia: Hmm... No, this arrangement just won't work. 
lia: What do you think, Konjiro?
Konjiro: I think you should go with whatever works for you, Lia. Whatever help you sing!
lia: ...You're right! 
lia: This is a contest, after all. I need to be sticking to my strengths.
cielo: Umm... Are you okay, Lia?
erica: We heard some strange sounds so we got worri— 
erica: Ugh, what an absolute mess!
lia: Oh, hey you two... 
lia: Sorry, I was working on our new arrangement, but my voice is all over the place.
erica: No, not your voice! This room! How can you even work in a pigsty like this?
cielo: Yes, a messy room makes for a messy mind, Lia!
lia: Wait! I know this sounds crazy, 
lia: but I can't concentrate when everything's all clean and organized!
lia: Sure, it's been a while since we last performed. But this contest is more than a comeback show.
lia: It's a chance to restore Iris's memory. We absolutely must win that malenium! 
lia: And the only way to do that 
lia: is to give the best performance possible! So please... Let me leave my room like this!
erica: Aw, Lia... 
erica: We're with you 100%. You don't need to compose all on your lonesome.
cielo: That's right. You're not the only one intent on winning. 
cielo: We all want to. So let's work on the song together.
lia: Erika... Cielo... 
lia: Okay!
erica: But your room is another matter. It draws bugs, which then find their way into my cute little room! Right, Cielo?
cielo: Indeed! For starters, let's liberate your desk from the trash heap it's buckling under.
erica: First we get this place squeaky clean, THEN we come up with the song. 
erica: Step aside, will you, Lia?
lia: B-But you guys...
aqua: Okay, break's over, people! Let's get back to it!
iris_adventurer: Right! What are we practicing next, Lady Aqua?
aqua: How about a repeat of yesterday? Pick some songs you like and sing 'em! Audiences always like it when they can tell you're enjoying yourself.
darkness: Singing on my own might be a little difficult for me...
iris_adventurer: Well, the contest is team-based... Let's practice together.
shelly: While I understand this is all for the malenium, must I sing too?
kazuma: You DO want Iris to regain her memory, don't you? 
kazuma: The more people participating, the better our odds.
shelly: Of course I want the princess back to normal... 
shelly: It's just...I'm not used to this kind of thing. Frankly, it's terrifying.
kazuma: C'mon, we've made it this far as a team. Let's finish this as one too.
mel: Why hello, my dear friends! 
mel: Don't mind me practicing with you today, I hope?
iris_adventurer: Mel! Weren't you practicing with Axel Hearts?
mel: That was the plan, but they're still cleaning up Lia's room.
kazuma: Makes sense. One thing though—Mel's pranks. 
kazuma: I'd be lying if I said I wasn't a little concerned.
aqua: It'll be fine, Kazuma. And Mel's got a great singing voice. 
aqua: She can really help us practice!
mel: I agree! 
mel: So if we're all of the same mind, how about we shake on it?
shelly: Not so fast! What's that in your hand, hm? 
shelly: Please, no funny business. Not today.
mel: Wh-Wha—?! 
mel: I have not idea what you're talking about!
megumin: Hehe... I think we'll be okay.
kazuma: At Mel's rate of prankery? Who can say. But, she IS quite the vocalist. 
kazuma: Maybe we can put up with a few pranks, so long as she helps us practice.
ナレーション: On the morning of the contest, the arena was alive with many eager entrants preparing their acts...
lia_stage: Wow. You guys sure are early...
iris_adventurer: Good morning. 
iris_adventurer: Uh, are you three okay? 
iris_adventurer: There are dark spots under your eyes...
erica_stage: No way! 
erica_stage: A-Am...am I not cute?!
darkness: I wouldn't say that. But you do seem fatigued.
kazuma: Were you up late practicing?
cielo_stage: W-Well...
lia_stage: Sorry Kazuma! The perfectionist in me wasn't satisfied with the song. 
lia_stage: I had these two help me work out the issues.
kazuma: But are you fit to perform?
lia_stage: Most definitely. Once it's go time, you can count on us!
aqua: With Axel Hearts this pumped up, I'd say we have this in the bag! 
aqua: Megumin, Darkness... All ready, I hope?
megumin: Leave it to us. Prepare to witness a mighty spectacle!
darkness: Yes. The act of singing is so embarrassing... 
darkness: I couldn't be any more motivated!
mel_stage: Hey, don't count us out either. 
mel_stage: Days of practice have led us to this moment! Are you ready, Shelly?
shelly: I-I guess so... 
shelly: It was an honor to practice with one as talented as you, Mel. I'll be sure to pull my weight.
iris_adventurer: M-Miss Shelly? You're addressing the competition sign. 
iris_adventurer: Mel's standing over here next to me.
shelly: Oh, my. Sorry about that. 
shelly: I've been so nervous about singing that I seem to have misplaced my glasses...
iris_adventurer: Oh no! We'd better find them before our final rehearsal!
kazuma: While I am slightly worried, 
kazuma: at least everyone's excited. Things could be worse... 
kazuma: Right?
