Some Ore for This Broken Magic Item! P2
ナレーション: Kazuma and the others sought the advice of the only person who could help them find the rare metal they needed to repair the broken artifact.
banil: Hmm... So you'd like me to tell you about the rare metal known as malenium, yes?
kazuma: We know it's a rare metal that was used in magic items. So I figured you might know more about it. 
kazuma: We're willing to pay...
kazuma: Is there any information you can give us? 
kazuma: I mean, within reason of course. So do you know anything?
banil: Hmm... So a big brother's pride is at stake, eh?
kazuma: Hey, stop reading my thoughts!
banil: Mwahahahaha! 
banil: My interest is piqued! Malenium...yes, that rings a bell.
megumin: It does? So where can we get some?!
banil: There is a dungeon. One not far from here, in fact, in which you will find chests containing the rarest of ores.
iris_adventurer: A dungeon?! 
iris_adventurer: Then I'll get to go on another adventure after all!
darkness: You seem rather forthcoming with this information... 
darkness: What are you up to?
banil: Nothing at all! I simply happen to have had my eye on the place, but haven't had an opportunity to visit it yet. 
banil: Perhaps you could investigate it for me, in lieu of payment? 
banil: Any rare metal you find is yours. A fair deal, no?
kazuma: If those are your terms, then I'd say we have ourselves a deal. 
kazuma: Even if it does sound too good to be true.
banil: I would never force you to do anything... 
banil: Ah, I see your ore right now... Under a bright light and easily within reach.
kazuma: ...All right, all right, you have a deal! 
kazuma: Any chance of finding malenium is one worth taking.
banil: Ahahaha... 
banil: Thank you! Now if you could just sign right here, on the dotted line...
lia: ...Kazuma! There you are!
kazuma: Lia? Erika and Cielo too...? What's wrong?
erica: Just the producer we were looking for.
lia: We're competing in the Showtime Sing-Off in the capital. 
lia: It'll be nice to perform somewhere other than a concert.
kazuma: Oh, really? Sorry, I know I've been busy lately. 
kazuma: I'm just dealing with something that needs my full attention.
kazuma: But you've got this, right? 
kazuma: I know you'll wipe the floor with the competition!
cielo: Thanks! 
cielo: We'll make sure to rehearse before the event!
lia: Yeah! See you later, Kazuma!
kazuma: Sure, thanks for coming to see me. 
kazuma: Okay, Vanir... Show us where this dungeon is.
aqua: ...Look! A treasure chest!
iris_adventurer: Wow! It really was just hidden in that pitfall trap. 
iris_adventurer: You're amazing, Lady Aqua!
aqua: Hehe! Chalk it up to a goddess's intuition! I had a feeling there'd be one in here after I fell in.
aqua: Kazuma? You owe me some bubbly for being the first one to find a chest here!
kazuma: Khh... How could I let Aqua beat me... 
kazuma: I thought you were upset because Vanir was tagging along?
aqua: I still am! But I'd be even more upset if I let that conniving demon use my friends.
aqua: So I might as well hurry up and get this over with. Now lift this chest up out of the hole!
kazuma: What she's saying makes sense—for her, at least. 
kazuma: But it's hard to take her seriously when she just falls into holes.
darkness: You must admit, Aqua has gone to considerable lengths to help Lady Iris. 
darkness: So...what does the chest contain?
megumin: ...Nothing. It's empty.
aqua: Whaaat?!
kazuma: Sorry, useless goddess. No bubbly for you.
aqua: What, why?!
banil: How does failure taste, my dear goddess? Did you really think we would find your prize so early in our quest?
kazuma: Well, it would've been nice if there was at least a rare item... 
kazuma: Oh well, let's keep looking.
aqua: Sacred Turn Undead!
Undead: Hraaaaaaggghhh!
darkness: Phew... That's the last of them. 
darkness: I guess we should've expected a horde of undead in the final room. Are you okay, Megumin?
megumin: I'm fine thanks to you serving as a shield for me, Darkness. 
megumin: Kazuma! How's it going over there?
kazuma: Wait a second... Hey, Vanir. Give me a hand with this. I think there's something behind this stone... 
kazuma: Hup!
banil: Aha! It's a treasure chest.
iris_adventurer: Wow, look at the size of it! And it's covered in such beautiful engravings.
kazuma: Let's pray it holds the metal we're looking for... 
kazuma: Please don't be empty...please!
kazuma: ...Wait, what? There's just a scrap of paper...
iris_adventurer: I-It says..."Suckers!" Oh, Brother...
kazuma: Damn yoooooou!!!
banil: Mwahahaha! 
banil: That was the perfect reaction! Thank you! 
banil: How I had missed the taste of your despair!
aqua: Sacred Exorcism!
banil: Too 
banil: slow!
aqua: You swindling demon! We're trying to restore Iris's memory here! 
aqua: Can't you be serious for a change?!
banil: What do you mean? I was serious. 
banil: Going around planting all of these chests and traps beforehand took serious effort!
darkness: You mean there isn't any malenium here?!
kazuma: What game are you playing?! I thought we had a contract! 
kazuma: We offered to pay for info on the rare metal and—
banil: I never break a contract. I may have placed these traps and fake chests, but it's true I've never explored this place.
banil: It is also true that this dungeon contains many rare metals. We've just been unlucky not to find it yet.
banil: Do you remember what I actually said? I told you that the name malenium rings a bell. 
banil: You're the one who assumed I meant that malenium must be in a chest in this dungeon.
kazuma: And why wouldn't I? 
kazuma: I should have known you'd pull something like this. 
kazuma: I'm sorry about this, Iris.
iris_adventurer: It is quite all right, Brother. 
iris_adventurer: It has been quite thrilling exploring this dungeon together with you.
iris_adventurer: And if Vanir believes that malenium can be found in a dungeon, then we should just keep searching.
iris_adventurer: We should just set out for the next dungeon. 
iris_adventurer: Let's do our best, Brother!
kazuma: You're... You're such a...
kazuma: good little sister!
megumin: Kazuma... Sorry to interrupt such an emotional display... 
megumin: But shouldn't we stop them?
aqua: ...
aqua: Hee-yaaagh! Die an agonizing death!
banil: Not a chance! 
banil: Have a taste of Vanir's Death Ray!
kazuma: Hey, we'd like to get started on the next dungeon, so could you two stop bickering, please?
