Some Ore for This Broken Magic Item! P6
ナレーション: Once more on the rampage, the Lady Golems were lured out of the lab by our heroes and led into a barren field...
Lady Golem A: Rrrrrrrrrghm!
kazuma: Is it just me or are they more unruly than ever? 
kazuma: And why am I the sole object of their attention?!
shelly: I can't say, but they seem to have gone berserk. 
shelly: And if that wasn't enough, there's a horde of them!
Lady Golem B: Groooaaargh!
kazuma: H-Help?!
iris_adventurer: Brother!
shelly: Bind!
megumin: Whoa. Shelly used Bind?!
shelly: Thanks to one of the magic items you guys found while clearing dungeons! I was keeping it for research. 
shelly: I'm glad I had it!
Lady Golems: Grrroooarrr!
aqua: There's another wave incoming! 
aqua: Kazuma, what do we do?!
kazuma: Must I solve EVERY problem around here?! 
kazuma: Ugh, we have no choice. 
kazuma: Shelly, can you Bind any more of those things?
shelly: M-Maybe a few... 
shelly: This item doesn't have many charges left!
kazuma: That's fine. We only need to slow them down! Ready... 
kazuma: Bind!
shelly: Bind!
Lady Golems: Wrrrgh?!
megumin: The golem horde is losing speed!
kazuma: Good. Keep on 'em, Shelly! 
kazuma: Aqua, cast Blessing and Protection on me, if you would!
aqua: Consider it done! 
aqua: Blessing! Protection!
kazuma: Now enhance Darkness's strength!
aqua: Huh? What exactly are you scheming?
kazuma: Just do it already!
darkness: Wh-What's the deal, Kazuma? 
darkness: Undressing me with your gaze...
kazuma: Hey! Get your head in the game and hurl me as far as you can! 
kazuma: I'm the one they're after!
darkness: I-I see... 
darkness: Unlike last time, you're able to bait those golems in any direction you want.
kazuma: Now you're getting it! 
kazuma: Megumin, when I give the signal—
megumin: Say no more! I'm cooking one up right now! 
megumin: Darkness darker than dark, entwine thyself with my crimson...
shelly: Kazuma, I'm fresh out of Binds!
kazuma: I hear you! Darkness, you're up!
darkness: On it. 
darkness: Haaaaaagh...!
kazuma: W-Wait! Waaaaaah!
aqua: Wow. She flung him sky-high.
Lady Golems: Target spotted. Setting course for crash point...
kazuma: Now, Megumin! Get 'em, BEFORE I hit the ground!
megumin: Here goes! 
megumin: EXPLOSION!!!
Lady Golems: Rrrrrrrrrngh!
iris_adventurer: Excellent job, 
iris_adventurer: Megumin, Brother!
shelly: Well, it seems that I am indebted to you yet again for 
shelly: saving my laboratory!
kazuma: All in a day's work. 
kazuma: Now, can we hurry and use the magic item 
kazuma: we just fought so hard to protect?
shelly: Sure thing. Princess, if you will, stand right there, within the item's range of effect.
iris_adventurer: I understand. 
iris_adventurer: Brother, I thoroughly enjoyed our adventures. Please take me on another someday!
kazuma: You got it. But...let's try for something a little milder than the life-threatening ordeal we've just gone through.
iris_adventurer: Hehe... Perhaps that would be prudent.
shelly: Activating the magic item!
iris_adventurer: Ah...
aqua: Wow. Check out that light. It's enveloping the princess!
megumin: Spellbinding. I can't believe what I'm seeing.
darkness: This is the artifact's power? Incredible.
kazuma: W-Well, Iris? How do you feel? Not bad, I hope?
iris_adventurer: N-No, I'm quite all right. 
iris_adventurer: Oh, the light is fading...
shelly: Huh?
iris_adventurer: Shelly, is the process over?
shelly: It shouldn't be...The more memory one has lost, the more time it should take. I expected it to last much longer.
kazuma: Put simply, it's not working as planned. 
kazuma: Do you remember anything, Iris?
iris_adventurer: Let me see... 
iris_adventurer: I'm afraid I don't, no.
darkness: So the item didn't work?
shelly: N-No, that's impossible! 
shelly: Just a moment. My father's notes should contain detailed instructions...
aqua: Why don't we, you know, smack her in the head? 
aqua: Human are built a lot simpler than you'd think.
kazuma: No and no! 
kazuma: Your habit of taking shortcuts is the reason we land in so many preposterous predicaments!
shelly: Oh no! It can't be!
iris_adventurer: Have you learned something, Miss Shelly?
shelly: Y-Yes indeed... 
shelly: My sincerest apologies. For it seems I overlooked a crucial detail...
kazuma: Oh? Please, tell us what it is. I won't get mad. Promise.
shelly: A-According to my father's records...
shelly: the device is only effective within ten days of 
shelly: the initial memory loss.
kazuma: Ten days? 
kazuma: HOW COULD YOU OVERLOOK SOMETHING SO ESSENTIAL?!
shelly: Eeek! Y-You promised not to get mad at me! I'm s-sorry! 
shelly: My dad has terrible handwriting, it's super hard to read.
darkness: Hmm... I can't blame her. These look more like a child's doodles than a researcher's notes.
kazuma: *Sigh* So, since it's been a month since Iris lost her memory, the item has no effect on her.
shelly: C-Correct...
kazuma: And to top it off, this magic item is one use only. Is that right too?
shelly: I am SO sorry! SO, SO VERY SORRY!
aqua: Well, what happens now? Is Iris just gonna stay like this forever now?
shelly: I'll search high and low for another solution!
kazuma: Just great... 
kazuma: No, feeling down never helped anyone get past trouble. Time for some serious brainstorming.
megumin: Honestly though, I'm pretty much out of ideas over here. 
megumin: I mean, how else can one restore lost memory?
iris_adventurer: Oh, Brother, everyone...
kazuma: This is a conundrum. 
kazuma: What are we to do?
ナレーション: While Kazuma and friends lamented their situation, some very specific ruins were rumbling ominously...
Lady Golem: Reboot complete. Primary directives reset. Master, your orders, please.
daniel_troll: *Pant pant* 
daniel_troll: We've done it, Charlie! And we owe it all to the peculiar golem you found.
charlie_troll: *Pant* 
charlie_troll: You're far too kind, my lord. You were the one who subdued the rampaging drone and pushed its reset button.
charlie_troll: What are your orders? We must have our revenge for being beaten twice and, more importantly, 
charlie_troll: being banned from seeing Axel Hearts!
daniel_troll: Indeed. 
daniel_troll: That vile adventurer—Kazuma Satou—must be punished!
Lady Golem: Directive required. Standing by...
ナレーション: Little did Kazuma and his friends know that their troubles had only just begun...
