Some Ore for This Broken Magic Item! P1
ナレーション: The day after the ruins collapsed, Kazuma and the others returned to try to unearth the buried magic items.
iris_work: ...Ah, I found another one, Miss Shelly!
shelly: Let me see... 
shelly: Yes, this is one of the magic items my father was researching! 
shelly: Thank you for finding so many today.
iris_work: You are most welcome. 
iris_work: I only hope we can find the one that will restore my memory...
shelly: Well, we've found so many, I can't help but think we're at least a little closer to finding it.
iris_work: In that case, I'll keep looking around here!
megumin: Oh, Iris is working hard... 
megumin: I can't fall behind! 
megumin: Anyone need help with a rock? I wanna use my explosion magic!
darkness: Megumin? I believe Kazuma told you to use that only as a last resort.
kazuma_work: Exactly. Keep your mouth shut and hands moving, I don't want to hear a single spell. 
kazuma_work: ...Hup! 
kazuma_work: ...Ugh! Nothing here either...
kazuma_work: 　
aqua_work: I think you might be working a little too hard, Kazuma. 
aqua_work: Here, drink some water.
kazuma_work: *Gulp gulp* 
kazuma_work: Thanks. I feel much better. 
kazuma_work: But it'll be dark soon... 
kazuma_work: We really need to pick up the pace.
megumin: Are you sure? You look exhausted, Kazuma. 
megumin: You can barely lift that pickaxe over your head.
darkness: Unfortunately, I don't see any recourse. Lady Iris is of royal status, and Kazuma is a mere adventurer.
aqua_work: That's right! He should be proud of how much effort he's put in! 
aqua_work: Although it's not like Iris hasn't been pulling her own weight...
kazuma_work: Grrrrrrngh!
iris_work: B-Brother! Would you like to take a break? 
iris_work: I made some onigiri for you. Here, try—
kazuma_work: Iris. I'm grateful, but your big bro can't sit around while his little sister's working hard! 
kazuma_work: Everybody, take a break. I'll keep clearing rubble over here
kazuma_work: ... 
kazuma_work: Tch! 
kazuma_work: Why is this rock so hard?!
kazuma_work: 　
darkness: I know your heart is resolute, but the body can only be pushed so far.
kazuma_work: N-No, it's not that. 
kazuma_work: The rocks over here are like twice as hard as the other ones.
iris_work: Please let me try! 
iris_work: ...Brother is right. These are no ordinary rocks...
shelly: This is a problem. It seems this entire layer of rubble is the same indestructible rock.
shelly: We will never reach the magic items buried under here.
iris_work: Does that include the item I need to restore my memory?
kazuma_work: Hey, Shelly. We've searched this entire area, right?
shelly: Yes, not a single movable rock has been left unturned.
kazuma_work: Then it sounds like we need our backup plan... 
kazuma_work: Megumin! You're up!
megumin: All right! I've been waiting for this very moment! 
megumin: I'll reduce this rubble to smithereens!
iris_work: Miss Shelly! I found it!
shelly: Could this be... 
shelly: Yes! It's the memory-restoring magic item! 
shelly: You found it, Lady Iris!
iris_work: Hehehe... Thank you!
kazuma_work: Is the item okay?
shelly: ...No, I'm afraid not. It's broken.
darkness: Oh no... Can it be fixed?
shelly: I'll need my equipment to assess it properly, but I don't see any structural damage. 
shelly: It should be simple to repair.
kazuma_work: Phew. I was beginning to fear the worst.
darkness: Indeed. And I believe we now have all the items stolen from your home, right Shelly?
shelly: Yes, thanks to all your efforts. All that we need to do now is repair this artifact 
shelly: and our mission will be complete.
shelly: Thank you all for your patience...
kazuma: Oh, hey Shelly. How were the repairs? Is the item ready?
shelly: Well... 
shelly: Forgive me, my friends! While I believe I know how to make the repairs, replacing the parts is another story...
megumin: So you're missing something?
shelly: Yes. Specifically, a rare metal that constitutes its core.
darkness: A rare metal...? 
darkness: You mean like the metals used for jewelry? That should be easy enough to procure, no?
shelly: Unfortunately the metal in question is "malenium." The rarest of the rare metals, you might say.
shelly: I've only ever seen it used in other ancient artifacts...it is an unusual element, to say the least.
iris_adventurer: Brother... What should we do?
kazuma: A rare metal, huh? 
kazuma: Guess we'll have to go find some. We've come this far, right? 
kazuma: I think I may know someone who can help.
iris_adventurer: Y-You're right! We can't quit now! Let's go find this rare metal!
kazuma: All right. Shelly, we'll be back as soon as we can. If you discover anything in the meantime, let us know.
shelly: You can count on it! Good luck!
