Admiration for This Decisive Princess! P5
ナレーション: As the battle with Daniel commenced, Iris was in the capital preparing to make her appearance...
rain: Lady Iris, all the invitations for the ceremony have been sent. 
rain: Everyone is looking forward to seeing you again after all this time.
iris: Very good...
rain: Lady Claire also arranged for a company of knights to remain behind, so we shouldn't have to worry about your safety. 
rain: The ceremony will be held tomorrow morning. Shall we review your part again?
iris: Very good...
rain: Lady Iris? Are you feeling ill?
iris: Huh?! 
iris: Oh, I'm sorry. 
iris: What were you saying?
rain: Tomorrow's itinerary. We should... 
rain: Actually, never mind. I see your mind is elsewhere. Are you worried about Kazuma?
iris: I'm sorry. You've been kind enough to arrange all this... 
iris: And here I am letting myself get distracted. 
iris: Is it really a good idea to make an appearance as I am?
rain: The honesty you demonstrate in moments such as this is why the people love you.
rain: Your concern for those around you is a reflection of your kindness, Lady Iris.
iris: Rain...
rain: Hehe, it would seem there is only one thing to do, then. 
rain: Here, take these.
iris: Clothes? What are these for?
rain: This is your combat attire, Lady Iris. I should have known you would not recognize it.
iris: Oh, I see... 
iris: But why give it to me now?
rain: The ceremony begins tomorrow morning. You'll need to be focused if you want to put the people's minds at ease.
rain: So...the best course of action is to settle whatever it is weighing on your mind.
iris: Rain, are you saying...?
rain: I will contact the appropriate parties. You go assist your friends. 
rain: You must take your guard with you, of course.
iris: Rain... 
iris: Thank you so much! I guess I just can't stop worrying about Brother after all.
iris: I give you my word I will be back in time. And I'll have my brother and everyone else with me!
rain: I understand. I look forward to your return, Lady Iris.
kazuma: *Pant pant* 
kazuma: Stay in formation, everyone! If anyone who gets separated will be surrounded in no time!
Lady Golems: Punishment! It is time for your punishment!
megumin: Something's not right! These golems definitely seem way more advanced than any we've fought before!
clair: I shudder to think of the damage they would have caused to the capital.
charlie_troll: They're shaking in their boots, Lord Daniel! It looks like assembling every last golem we could was a masterstroke!
daniel_troll: Absolutely wonderful work, Charlie. 
daniel_troll: Come, we must press our advantage!
Lady Golems: Ahhhhhh! Cleansing protocol activated!
darkness: What are they planning?! 
darkness: Everyone, fall back!
aqua: We can't leave you here! There are too many, even for you!
Lady Golems: Cleanse! Cleanse! Must cleanse Brother!
kazuma: What the—?! Stop! Hitting me with a mop is not the same as cleaning! Ouch! 
kazuma: Wait, not the rags too! They look filthy!
megumin: Kazuma's in trouble! When did they get so close?!
shelly: They're too quick! We can't keep up with them all!
darkness: This can't be... They're too fast for me to act as shield. 
darkness: Kazuma's taking the brunt of the attacks... 
darkness: It's no fair!
kazuma: Aaaaaah! 
kazuma: Someone help me!
shelly: Hold on a moment! I think I can—
daniel_troll: Not so fast! Things are just starting to get good. I won't have you ruining it! 
daniel_troll: Haaah!
shelly: Gyaaaaaah!
clair: Miss Shelly! 
clair: How dare you, you deceitful cowards!
charlie_troll: Such wonderful praise! Now, it's about time to squash you insects once and for all!
shelly: What do I do? My glasses... I can't see a thing!
aqua: This is bad! These golems are just too fast! Kazuma's going to be overrun!
darkness: Tch! It was reckless to try and fight them on our own!
daniel_troll: Unfortunately, it's too late for regret! This is the end for you. I'll be sure to make it—
？？？: Not so fast! Hyaaaaaah!
Lady Golems: Aghhhhhh!
iris_battle: Brother! 
iris_battle: Is everyone all right?!
kazuma: Iris?! What are you doing here?! What about your ceremony?!
iris_battle: I'll explain everything later. 
iris_battle: What's important now is that a princess doesn't abandon her people OR her friends!
charlie_troll: You destroyed half our golems... Do you realize how hard it was to assemble all of those?! 
charlie_troll: I'll get you for this!
iris_battle: You're more than welcome to try! Come on, Brother, everyone! 
iris_battle: Let's finish this fight together!
