Admiration for This Decisive Princess! P3
ナレーション: Trapped inside a capital occupied by golems, Kazuma and friends rush towards the city gate...and the screams that seem to be emanating from it.
kazuma: I swear the screams came from around here... 
kazuma: Huh?
daniel: Heheheh... Like lambs to the slaughter.
charlie: The brilliance of your genius shines through yet again, Lord Daniel! 
charlie: Rampaging golems were the perfect lure!
kazuma: ...I feel the overpowering urge to ignore these two and keep walking. That would be wrong, right?
megumin: You mustn't, Kazuma. Now that they've seen us, they'll be expecting a proper response. 
megumin: It's your duty to deliver.
kazuma: *Sigh* 
kazuma: Oooh nooo. My gosh. What in the world are you two doing here? I thought we defeated you...
megumin: So monotone! Where's the feeling?!
daniel_troll: You continue to underestimate us. We won't be defeated so easily! We've returned to life to exact our revenge!
darkness: Tch! How many times are these two going to come back before they've had enough?!
aqua: Seriously! They're more irritating than the golems!
charlie_troll: Heheheh. Unfortunately for you, these golems are on our side! 
charlie_troll: Now, do what we came here to do!
Lady Golems: Hyaaaaaah!
clair: How many of these things are there?!
megumin: Are you saying the attack on the capital is your doing?
daniel_troll: That's right. After we recovered, we stumbled across these golems in some ruins and knew the perfect use for them. 
daniel_troll: So many sleepless nights spent working... 
daniel_troll: Do you have any idea how hard it was having to miss seeing Axel Hearts in person?!
charlie_troll: What's he talking about? We both got plenty of sleep every night. He sure likes to exaggerate...
daniel_troll: I-In any case, we finally managed to program them to follow our orders! 
daniel_troll: Charlie, show them the fruits of our labor!
charlie_troll: It would be my pleasure! Now, obey your masters, golems! Pound every last one of these pests into—
女型ゴーレム達: Hyaaaaaa! Brotheeeeeer!
daniel_troll: Huh?
kazuma: Why are they heading straight for me again?! What's wrong with these things?!
iris_adventurer: Don't worry, Brother! I'm coming!
clair: I'm not sure I understand what's going on...
clair: but one thing is clear! We've got some golems to destroy!
Lady Golems: Stay outta our waaaaaay!
charlie_troll: Something's wrong, Lord Daniel! They're ignoring me!
daniel_troll: This doesn't make any sense! 
daniel_troll: They always followed orders during our experiments.
Lady Golems: Brother! Come baaaaaack!
megumin: They really are only aiming for Kazuma. What could be making them do that?
shelly: Now that I think about it, when I examined these golems before, they all had preprogrammed orders.
shelly: It was something about attacking anyone who hurt the Queen Golem...
shelly: I didn't know what it meant, so I ignored it.
aqua: Did you say...queen? 
aqua: Wait, you don't think...?
shelly: Do you know what the orders were referring to?
darkness: I think so... We were on a quest to investigate some ruins and found a golem sealed inside. When we activated it...
Beautiful Golem: You are...my master?
kazuma: That's correct. I look forward to you serving me.
Beautiful Golem: Understood, Master... Now it is time for your punishment!
kazuma: Huh?
Beautiful Golem: SIT! LAY DOWN! GO TO YOUR KENNEL!
kazuma: AAAAAAGGGHHH!!!
megumin: Kazuma's lecherous nature led him in trouble.
kazuma: That was forever ago! 
kazuma: Besides, how does punishing me make any sense?! 
kazuma: I'm supposed to be the master!
Lady Golems: Brother, there you are!
kazuma: Aaaaaah!
clair: Sir Kazuma! Watch out!
Lady Golems: Brother, what would you like today? The whip? Hot candle wax? Or perhaps...some full-body trampling?
darkness: This is bad! These golems are really intent on torturing Kazuma... 
darkness: I'll just have to take his place and—
kazuma: This is no time for your proclivities! Someone do something!
iris_adventurer: You leave my brother alone! 
iris_adventurer: Hyaaaaaah!
Lady Golems: Aghhhhhh!
clair: Lady Iris! That was—!
megumin: Extellion! Such tremendous power...
iris_adventurer: *Pant pant* 
iris_adventurer: Brother!
kazuma: Th-Thanks, Iris! You're a lifesaver. Does this mean your memories are back?
iris_adventurer: No, I still can't remember anything. I just reacted on instinct.
kazuma: I see... 
kazuma: Regardless, looks like you've rescued me again.
daniel_troll: How is this possible? The golems have been completely destroyed... 
daniel_troll: Charlie, we need to fall back and regroup!
charlie_troll: Right away, Lord Daniel! Wyvern!
clair: Hold it right there!
charlie_troll: Not a chance! Our expertise at knowing when to retreat is matched only by our endless persistence!
daniel_troll: Don't you dare think this is over, Kazuma Satou! We'll be back to take our revenge soon enough!
ナレーション: The gang could only watch as Daniel and Charlie escaped, leaving behind a pile of golems and their deadly promises...
