Admiration for This Decisive Princess! P4
ナレーション: After repelling Daniel and Charlie's attack, the group gathered in the castle to discuss what to do next.
clair: Not only is Lady Iris still missing her memories, but now we have to manage the fallout from the golem attack.
megumin: Don't forget, Daniel said they'd be back soon, too.
aqua: They sure are intent on getting revenge on Kazuma. 
aqua: Should we try using him as a decoy ,like before?
kazuma: I think I'll pass, thank you very much. 
kazuma: Claire, you still have knights in reserve, don't you?
clair: Yes. Why do you ask?
kazuma: What do you mean, why? 
kazuma: There's no telling when Daniel will be back. We need to prepare ourselves for another attack.
rain: Actually, about that... 
rain: I'm terribly sorry, but we're going to have to ask you to leave the capital by tomorrow.
iris_adventurer: What? You're making them leave? 
iris_adventurer: But why?
darkness: Is this because we took Lady Iris along on so many quests?
clair: No, that's not it. 
clair: On the contrary, we have nothing but gratitude for your efforts thus far.
kazuma: "Thank you very much but get lost"? Is that what you're saying? 
kazuma: You saw how terrifying those golems were, right?! 
kazuma: We know they're coming back! Do you expect us to fight them off on our own?!
clair: The people are growing frightened...
clair: They haven't seen their princess for weeks, and with this golem attack...
iris_adventurer: I...
Resident B: Where'd all these golems come from? The capital has always been safe! What in the world is happening?
Resident A: I'm worried about the princess, too. They say her condition hasn't improved. If only we could see that she was okay...
iris_adventurer: Oh...
rain: I'm sorry, but the longer you remain here the more unsettled our people will become. Please, understand.
darkness: Given the circumstances, I have to agree. The golems are targeting Kazuma. 
darkness: If we remain in the capitol, the civilians who live here would be caught in the crossfire.
clair: Precisely. Of course, we would never expel you without protection. We will escort you to another location. 
clair: We fully intend to thank you for your services once the situation has been resolved.
kazuma: That's great and all, but...
iris_adventurer: In that case, I will go with Brother. It may not be much, but I'd like to lend him what strength I can.
clair: I understand how you feel. 
clair: However, our highest priority right now is to protect you and the citizens living here.
iris_adventurer: But what if something happens to Brother?
kazuma: Iris... 
kazuma: You really are the sweetest girl in the world! 
kazuma: With a little sister this brave, I can't be weak. 
kazuma: All right, we'll leave the capital. And don't you worry, we'll defeat every last golem they throw at us! 
kazuma: Iris, you just worry about showing everyone you're well.
iris_adventurer: But...
aqua: Don't worry, Iris. Sometimes it's okay to rely on others.
megumin: That's right. Kazuma's clearly trying to show off for his little sister. You should let him have his moment.
kazuma: Well now you've ruined it! 
kazuma: At any rate, we'll take care of the golems. 
kazuma: Iris, you stay here and protect the capital.
iris_adventurer: Brother... All right. 
iris_adventurer: I'll do my best!
rain: You don't intend to reveal your amnesia, do you?
iris_adventurer: No, I just need to make an appearance so the people know I'm doing well. 
iris_adventurer: That should ease some of their worries.
clair: Lady Iris... 
clair: In that case, I will begin arrangements for a small ceremony to celebrate your recovery.
iris_adventurer: Thank you.
kazuma: We'll make sure to come back and celebrate with you once we've taken care of all the golems.
iris_adventurer: Brother... Everyone, please stay safe.
Lady Golems: Ahhhhhh!
daniel: Hehehe... 
daniel: As promised, we have returned! 
daniel: I admit, I wasn't expecting them to be waiting for us at the gate.
charlie: I guess they just couldn't wait for their defeat! Well then, let's give them the walloping they've been waiting for!
kazuma: Are you serious? 
kazuma: How do they still have this many golems?! 
kazuma: Claire, you're going to help us out on this one, right?
clair: Yes. Lady Iris has requested I do so.
clair: What about you? You acted tough in front of the princess, but now look at you.
megumin: We can see your knees shaking.
kazuma: Of course they are! 
kazuma: Those things are all after me, 
kazuma: in case you forgot! 
kazuma: But now that I said all that, I've gotta fight!
darkness: Hehe... Oh, Kazuma. Even after all this time, I still can't figure out if you're reliable or pitiable.
aqua: Don't worry, Kazuma. Even if you do end up dead, I promise to use Resurrection and bring you back.
kazuma: Damn you all, 
kazuma: acting like this doesn't concern you! 
kazuma:  Daniel! You're only here to get revenge on me, right?!
kazuma: I'd be happy to oblige, but let's take this out to the wastelands, 
kazuma: where it'll be easier to fight!
daniel: Oh? An interesting proposition. Since you asked so nicely, I'd be happy to oblige...
daniel: Is that what you expect me to say?
charlie: Go get 'em, golems! Trample these gnats so far into the ground they'll never see the sun again!
Lady Golems: Ohhhhhh!
kazuma: Damn. Well, it was worth a shot. 
kazuma: Get on the wagon, everyone!
charlie: Hey, who said you could use a wagon?! 
charlie: Lord Daniel, we need to call the wyvern before they get aw—
Lady Golems: Come back, Brotheeeeeer!
daniel: The golems are acting on their own again! 
daniel: We can't wait for the wyvern! We're going to have to run!
charlie: What?! We'll wear ourselves out before the fight even begins! Lord Daniel, wait for me!
