Admiration for This Decisive Princess! P6
daniel_troll: She's only one little girl! 
daniel_troll: Why can't we win?!
clair: *Pant pant* 
clair: If Lady Iris fights with such resolve, then as her attendant, I cannot do anything less!
kazuma: That's right. And the same goes for her brother! 
kazuma: I can't show my little sister anything less than my best!
charlie_troll: Such insolence... Golems! Regroup and surround them like you did before!
darkness: They're returning to formation!
kazuma: Yeah, but they're also a lot slower than they were. 
kazuma: This is our chance! 
kazuma: Megumin, you're up!
megumin: Sure thing! Now, experience the power of the mightiest—
Lady Golem A: You cannot have Brother!
kazuma: Ahhh! Where'd these ones come from?! 
kazuma: S-Stay away from me!
shelly: I'll handle this! Haaah!
Lady Golem A: Gyaaah!
kazuma: Th-Thanks for the save, Shelly! We're all clear, Megumin! 
kazuma: Do your thing!
megumin: Of course, the best is always saved for last! Let destruction rain down upon these golems! 
megumin: EXPLOOOSION!
Lady Golems: Aaaaaarghhh!
kazuma: Wow, today's blast was even more powerful than usual.
megumin: Well naturally. 
megumin: I made sure not even the smallest speck of dust would remain.
charlie_troll: Lord Daniel! They've destroyed every last one of our golems!
daniel_troll: Grrrrrrgh... How dare you! 
daniel_troll: Fine, forget about the golems! I'll just have to send you all to—
iris_battle: Do you feel no remorse for the pain you've caused? For the fear you've inflicted? 
iris_battle: You should be ashamed! Hyaaaaaah!
Daniel, Charlie: Gwaaaaaagh!
iris_battle: *Pant pant* 
iris_battle: I didn't realize I knew such a skill.
clair: That skill... 
clair: That was Sacred Explosion! To think you could use such a high-level skill out of instinct!
daniel_troll: Tch... I can't be defeated...again... 
daniel_troll: Wyvern, to me!
aqua: Hey, they're trying to run away again!
charlie_troll: *Pant pant* An impressive attack, 
charlie_troll: but unfortunately it still wasn't enough! Now, if you'll excuse us!
kazuma: Running away again...
megumin: We destroyed the golems, though. I'd say that counts as quite the victory, wouldn't you agree?
kazuma: Yeah... And your arrival was quite the surprise, Iris, but you really saved our necks. Thanks.
iris_battle: You're welcome! I'm just glad I could help, Brother!
clair: Still, you should not have come, Lady Iris! 
clair: Your ceremony is tomorrow morning. What did Rain have to say about this?
iris_battle: Actually, Rain gave me permission.
clair: She did? 
clair: Good grief... That woman is far too soft on you...
iris_battle: I'm sorry. I just had to do something...
clair: It's quite all right. Your drive to fight for those you care about is your most admirable trait, Lady Iris. 
clair: You still have another job to do, however. If we return now, we should make it back in time for the ceremony.
iris_battle: Right! I promised before I left that once everyone was safe, 
iris_battle: I'd be ready to show the people I'm doing well.
darkness: Hehe... Whether you have your memories or not, you make a fine princess, Lady Iris.
iris_battle: Thank you very much. The situation may not be ideal, but I can still put my utmost into fulfilling my duties to the kingdom—
shelly: *Gasp* 
shelly: Lady Iris, watch out!
iris_battle: H
iris_battle: nnngh...
kazuma: Iris! Are you all right?! Can you hear me?!
iris_battle: Huh...? Brother? Is something wrong?
kazuma: You were knocked out by a falling rock. 
kazuma: How's your head? Does it— Wait. 
kazuma: That tone of familiarity in your voice...
iris_battle: Yes? Is something odd about it? I usually just call you Brother, 
iris_battle: and sometimes I...like to... 
iris_battle: Oh, my memory! I—
clair: Lady Iris! Have you regained your memory?!
iris_battle: Yes! I remember everything from before my accident! 
iris_battle: This is wonderful! My memories are finally back, Claire!
clair: L-Lady Iris! Don't just hug me like that! 
clair: I need some warning first! My heart can't...
darkness: Wait... 
darkness: Did the shock of getting hit in the head by that rock cure her amnesia?
aqua: See? I've been saying that all along! We should have just given her a good whack from the start!
kazuma: Well that's just not fair...
megumin: At any rate, this is perfect timing. 
megumin: Now you can make your appearance tomorrow without any trouble.
iris: I apologize for worrying you all, but I'm happy to announce I have fully recovered and am ready to return to my duties!
Resident B: Hooray! Lady Iris!
iris: I promise to work even harder than before! I hope I can count on your continued support!
Resident A: Ooooooh! We believe in you, Lady Iris!
shelly: Just listen to those cheers. 
shelly: It's like the entire city is smiling. They're hanging on Lady Iris's every word.
kazuma: Yeah. It really shows just how much the people love her.
darkness: Well, of course. She's their princess, after all. Just look at all those knights—every last one is proud to serve her.
shelly: Such a magnificent sight. I need to redouble my training 
shelly: so that one day I can stand among them.
megumin: Shelly, your dedication to self-improvement inspires me! 
megumin: We should discuss magic soon, so I can further my own devotion to the explosive arts!
megumin: But look, the next event is about to begin.
aqua: When it comes to performing, nobody can beat me! I should join them and show off my famous—
kazuma: Stay put!
aqua: Ouch! What the heck was that for, Kazuma?!
iris: Oh, there's Brother and the rest of the party. Hehe... 
iris: They seem to be having fun, as usual. 
iris: I wish I could join them. Maybe if I find some time, I'll take another job and go on a quest with them again. 
iris: We can make even more wonderful memories together!
clair: Lady Iris, there's another group ahead. Be sure to smile.
iris: O-Oh, of course! I will!
ナレーション: And so, as the crowd erupted into thunderous applause, Princess Iris bid farewell to her amnesia...
