Admiration for This Decisive Princess! P2
Lady Golem A: Dear brother...!
Lady Golem B: Brother...!
kazuma: Geez. These golems are durable! 
kazuma: And stubborn as heck, too!
aqua: I'll say! It's one thing for them to be obsessed with you, 
aqua: but we're stuck in the crossfire!
Lady Golem B: Meddling women will be cleaned!
aqua: Whoa! 
aqua: H-Hey, no lobbing rags, please!
darkness: Their numbers show no sign of relenting.  
darkness: While I don't mind being on the defensive, even I can't keep this up for long!
iris_adventurer: Where are they coming from...?!
Lady Golem A: Securing hostile!
iris_adventurer: Ah
iris_adventurer: hhhhh!
shelly: Oh no! Princess Iris!
？？？: Unhand her, 
？？？: you soulless abomination! Haaah!
Lady Golem A: G-Gaaaaaagh!
clair: Are you all right, Princess?!
iris_adventurer: Claire, Rain... 
iris_adventurer: Thank you!
iris_adventurer: Whatever happened here? Are the citizens safe?
clair: For now, let us fall back to the castle. I've rounded up all the combat-ready knights I could.
kazuma: Reinforcements? I like the sound of that! 
kazuma: C'mon guys, to the castle!
iris_adventurer: Allow me to express my gratitude once more. 
iris_adventurer: I've been such a burden on you two. For that I am sorry.
clair: Not at all, Princess. It is you who bears the heavy burden of amnesia—and the anguish it has caused.
rain: Yes, I agree... And it is we who should thank you, for returning to us safely.
kazuma: I hate to put a damper on your joyful reunion, but what the heck happened out there?
darkness: Golems are marching in numbers too large to count. 
darkness: Could this be somehow related to Iris's absence?
clair: In truth, I cannot say for sure... 
clair: The rogues appeared out of nowhere not hours ago.
rain: We thought the Devil King had come for the city. But the golems made a straight, silent course for the castle.
iris_adventurer: So then the people are...
clair: Safe in their homes. We issued a city-wide mandate to remain indoors, with all our knights on patrol as we speak.
iris_adventurer: Thank heavens.
clair: Now, Kazuma, I must ask. As it would seem the Princess has yet to regain her memory, what is the reason for her return?
kazuma: We managed to find the magic item. That part of the plan went well. The getting her memory back part, on the other hand...
kazuma: Sorry.
clair: You blundering stooge... Amidst untold danger, I put the princess in YOUR care and—
Soldier: Pardon the interruption, m'ladies. I come with an urgent message.
rain: What is it?
Soldier: People began to venture outside before we finished our rounds. There have been altercations with our forces.
clair: How can this be? The mandate has been in effect for mere hours. Are there any injured?
Soldier: At present, no. But an air of apprehension has been building as of late. Anything could happen.
iris_adventurer: Apprehension?
clair: Ngh...! 
clair: Announce the mandate's cessation and complete your patrol. Be quick about it.
Soldier: Yes, m'lady! I'll see to it at once!
iris_adventurer: Excuse me, Miss Claire, what did he mean by "air of apprehension"? What's happening?
clair: It's nothing, Princess... 
clair: Nothing that warrants your concern, at least.
iris_adventurer: I disagree. In times of uncertainty, it is my duty to be a rock for my people.
rain: Claire...she wants to know. Let us oblige her.
iris_adventurer: Yes, please. And thank you.
clair: Very well. Though it pains me to be this frank with you. 
clair: I'm not quite sure how to say this, but...
clair: The people have become worried due to...
clair: your prolonged absence from the public eye.
iris_adventurer: Then I'm to blame?!
rain: Your frequent interactions with the people has set you apart from other members of the royal house. Which is why...
rain: Your abrupt disappearance has engendered fear and speculation. Alas, we cannot reveal the truth of the matter.
clair: Our advice has only compounded the situation. For that we are deeply sorry.
iris_adventurer: Please, don't apologize. 
iris_adventurer: The state of our people is my own doing, after all.
rain: No, Princess, that is not what we—
iris_adventurer: It's all right. I'm fully aware of the situation now. 
iris_adventurer: If you'll excuse me, I must leave for a while.
kazuma: Iris!
clair: This is exactly why we should have kept things quiet. The princess can't help but feel responsible.
darkness: There could still be golems around. We'd best follow after her, just to be safe!
iris_adventurer: *Pant pant* 
iris_adventurer: Oh my. I threw caution to the wind and look where I am now...
Resident A: It's finally safe to go outside, eh? And not a moment too soon either.
iris_adventurer: Huh? Someone's coming!
Resident B: That golem horde was somethin' else. Came out of nowhere. Never had anything like that in the capital before.
Resident A: On top of that, the princess is still sick. Worries me, you know? If only we could get a direct answer, or a glimpse her face...
Resident B: She's still just a girl... Oh, I hope she's all right.
iris_adventurer: Claire and Rain were right. I've needlessly worried so many people... 
iris_adventurer: It was vain to speak of my "duty" as a princess when I'm not fit to be one—not as I am now.
Resident A: A-Aaaaaaghhh!
iris_adventurer: Huh? Was that not the man from before?!
kazuma: Iris, you okay?
iris_adventurer: B-Brother. And everyone else! 
iris_adventurer: I heard screams coming from the city gate.
kazuma: It's probably some lingering golems. 
kazuma: Let's check it out!
