Kazuma - P1
ナレーション: In the evening, Kazuma visits Megumin's room to ask her for a favor.
kazuma: Hey Megumin, are you here? I'm gonna go get dinner, so can you look 
kazuma: after...
megumin: Zzz... *Snore* You are powerless...before my explosion magic...
kazuma: She's fast asleep. Ha, even in dreamland, she's blowing stuff up.
megumin: Mnn... Ngh...
kazuma: She's shivering... Fine, Megumin, I'll get you a blanket. I don't want to have to look after you if you get sick.
kazuma: Oh, come on, you just left your laundry like that? If you don't fold it, it's gonna get wrinkled.
megumin: Ka...zutrash...
kazuma: Seriously?! She even calls me Kazutrash in her dreams?
kazuma: And this after I've been so nice to her? I'm the one who has to put up with her explosion obsession!
kazuma: Hey, Megumin. Megumiiin?
megumin: Zzz...
kazuma: Well, if you're not gonna wake up, I might as well do a little art...on your face.
megumin: Ungh... Zzz...
kazuma: She's not waking up... 
kazuma: So this is the perfect chance!
kazuma: Serves you right for calling me Kazutrash and Crapzuma in your sleep. 
kazuma: Now, where should I start—
aqua: Hey Megumin, are you in?
kazuma: Lurk!
aqua: Megumiiin?
megumin: Zzz... Mnn...
aqua: Oh, what? She's asleep.
kazuma: Aqua? This is literally the worst timing ever!
aqua: Huh? Did that pile of laundry just move?
kazuma: M-meooow...
aqua: Oh, it's just Chomusuke.
aqua: Megumin's out cold, huh. Nuts, I was gonna ask if she wanted to play games with me.
aqua: Oh, well. Maybe Darkness will be up for it when she comes back.
kazuma: ...Looks like she left.
kazuma: Whew, that was close. Thank goodness all this laundry was here. 
kazuma: Hm?
kazuma: Wh-what's this?! Whoa, holy—!
kazuma: I didn't even have to use Steal...and I scored a panty treasure!
kazuma: Wait, only a perv would get excited about this.
kazuma: I jumped into the laundry to hide, so it was inevitable! It's not my fault!
kazuma: Yeah, it was just a coincidence! But now what do I do with these panties...which just so happen to be in my hand?
kazuma: It'd be too much to take them back with me. But I can't be caught with them here...
kazuma: No, I need to get myself together. That useless goddess might come back.
kazuma: If she sees me holding panties in Megumin's room...well, I'd hate to think of what they'd say...
megumin: Oh? And just what DO you think they'd say?
kazuma: M-Megumin?! You're already awake?
megumin: Why do you look so flustered, hm? Is there perhaps something you feel...guilty about?
kazuma: No? Why would I feel guilty?! I've done nothing wrong!
megumin: Is that so? Then how about showing me what you have behind your back?
kazuma: What...? 
kazuma: I have no idea what you're talking about.
megumin: Ungh...
kazuma: Wait, Megumin...why are your eyes glowing? What are you trying to do?
megumin: Nothing too bad. Just trying to blast that rotten nature of yours to smithereens.
megumin: Gleefully raising another's panties to the skies, then feigning ignorance when caught?! 
megumin: You're despicable trash!
kazuma: Damn it! You set me up!
megumin: Now, choose!
megumin: Will you suffer my explosion magic, or have your dirty crimes be exposed, Crapzuma?!
kazuma: I'M SORRY!!
megumin: I commend you for dropping to your knees before I've finished speaking.
megumin: However! You shall pay dearly for calling me a little girl!
megumin: Aqua! Help me! There's a pervert in my room!
kazuma: What?
aqua: Hey, you useless NEET! Are you bothering Megumin again?!
kazuma: Wait, this is a misunderstanding!
aqua: Misunderstanding? Then explain those panties in your hand! 
aqua: You're not even trying to apologize! Disgusting!
megumin: Not just disgusting. He's total scum. Darkness will hear about this later.
kazuma: *Sigh* ...And I got busted anyway.
ナレーション: For a while after, the girls would refer to Kazuma as "Pervy NEET Scum".
