Kazuma - P3
kazuma: Hey, is Vanir around?
wiz: Oh! Hello, Kazuma. Vanir went out this morning 
wiz: to pick up some merchandise.
kazuma: I see... I wanted to talk to him about a new product. 
kazuma: Hm?
kazuma: What are these golden gloves you have here?
wiz: You really do have a good eye, Kazuma! They're a rare item that we almost never get in stock.
wiz: Sometimes you're in a tiff with a friend, and you want to make up, but you end up fighting again... 
wiz: Pretty common, no?
wiz: These wonderful gloves make it so all you need to do is shake hands, and you'll stop fighting.
kazuma: Nothing you ever call wonderful has actually turned out wonderful. 
kazuma: Do the gloves reveal each other's dark pasts or something?
wiz: Oh, no. When you shake hands, you're stuck together for\n
wiz: a whole day, so you're forced to start getting along.
wiz: I mean, if you can't use your hands, you can't fight, right? And while you're shaking hands, the gloves don't come off.
kazuma: You picked another winner. Wouldn't being stuck together just make things worse in the end? 
kazuma: Hold on...
kazuma: If I shook hands with a pretty girl while wearing these gloves, she'd be forced to hang out with me.
kazuma: I would be with her all day long, no matter where it was!
kazuma: Wiz, I think I'll take a pair.
kazuma: Excuse me, beautiful.
luna: Oh, Kazuma? What's going on?
kazuma: You're a very lucky woman. I'm Kazuma Satou, conqueror of several Devil King generals. 
kazuma: I'd like to shake your hand.
luna: What's this all about? There's something fishy going on...\n
luna: I've heard strange rumors about your dealings with women.
kazuma: Strange rumors?! I can't say I know wha— 
kazuma: Never mind! If you don't shake hands with me, you'll regret it later!
luna: I can see right through you. 
luna: Anyway, on to business... Should I call for Aqua and the others?
kazuma: No thanks!
kazuma: Hold on, miss. You seem to have dropped your handkerchief.\n
kazuma: Here, you can take it from my hand.
sena: Mr. Satou, I know you're up to something. Confess your intentions now. 
sena: Or would you prefer to tell me from inside of a prison cell?
kazuma: No thanks!
kazuma: Ow ow ow... My leg hurts too much to stand... 
kazuma: Excuse me, miss... Could you help me up?
melissa: Oh, I was wondering who that was lying around. 
melissa: I can help you, but you'll owe me for life.
kazuma: No thanks!
kazuma: Why isn't this working? 
kazuma: Well, I have an idea, but still... I'm the one who's defeated multiple 
kazuma: Devil King generals.
dust: Hey, what's wrong, Kazuma? I've been watching you miss with the ladies for a while now.
kazuma: Shut up! Leave me alone!
dust: Relax. If you need help with the ladies, your friend Dust 
dust: here is an expert. So, tell me what's up.
kazuma: I simply wanted to shake hands with a girl.
dust: Shake hands? Oh, you must have something going on with these gloves. Lemme see... Lemme take a look at them.
kazuma: Hey, don't! Stay away from me!
dust: Chill out. We're friends, right? We don't keep secrets from each other! 
dust: So what happens when you shake their hand?
kazuma: ...Should I tell Dust? 
kazuma: No, these gloves are rare, and if he takes them from me, my plan will be ruined!
kazuma: Don't come any closer! I-I just want to be happy!
dust: Hey! Kazuma!
kazuma: *Pant pant* That was close... 
kazuma: Whoa!
？？？: Pardon me, I wasn't watching where I was going. 
？？？: Are you all right? Here, take my hand.
kazuma: Thank 
kazuma: you. 
kazuma: I should've been more careful. 
kazuma: Wait, it's you! Ponkotsurugi?
mitsurugi: It's Mitsurugi! Kyouya Mitsurugi! How many times do I have to tell you, Kazuma Satou?!
kazuma: I don't have time for you right now. Farewell. 
kazuma: Uh oh... Uh oh! 
kazuma: Noooooo!
mitsurugi: How long do you plan to hold my hand? 
mitsurugi: Huh? Whaaat?! I can't let go!
Kazuma, Mitsurugi: My hand is stuck!
kazuma: Where you going in such a hurry? You trying to prove your legs are longer or something? C'mon!
mitsurugi: I haven't said a thing! It's because you keep looking around so much. 
mitsurugi: You sure there's nothing we can do to fix this?
kazuma: We tried complimenting each other, going shopping, and eating together. Nothing's worked. The only thing we didn't do... 
mitsurugi: The only thing we can do is wait patiently in your manor for a day. 
mitsurugi: I guess we have no choice!
kazuma: You just want to hang out with Aqua.
kazuma: We're back!
aqua: Welcome back— 
aqua: Ick! What's he doing here?
mitsurugi: Sorry to intrude, my goddess! 
mitsurugi: You, um, look beautiful today. I apologize for dropping in so unexpectedly.
megumin: Kazuma, what's going on? And why are you holding hands with magic sword boy here?
darkness: Yes, Kazuma. It's not my place to talk about the relationships of others, but isn't this...
darkness: a bit sudden?
kazuma: Whoa, whoa, whoa! What are you talking about?! We're stuck together because of a magic item! 
kazuma: Neither of us wants to be here!
mitsurugi: Sorry this is so sudden, but I will make it up to you... Do you mind if I spend the night here?
megumin: No way.
kazuma: Huh?
mitsurugi: Is there something you'd rather accept in exchange? Or I could offer an apology, if I've done anything wrong.
darkness: A-about that... Aqua, can you break it to him gently?
aqua: Fine. Okay, magic sword guy and Kazuma! You aren't welcome under this roof. Sleep outside tonight!
kazuma: What's this all about?!
aqua: Because I'm certain this is all your fault. It's always one your schemes! Now go reflect on your misdeeds!
kazuma: Huh? C'mon, don't shut me out! 
kazuma: You cold-hearted—
mitsurugi: Lady Aqua? Did I do something to offend you? 
mitsurugi: I don't understand!
ナレーション: Aqua and the others kicked Kazuma and Mitsurugi out of the
manor, and the pair camped together in tears...
