Kazuma - P2
ナレーション: While eating lunch with Aqua, Kazuma began to sigh.
kazuma: Man... Fried giant toad again? I mean, it's tasty, but I miss Japanese food.
aqua: What kind of food did you eat in Japan, Kazuma?
kazuma: Stuff you can cook at home, I guess. Whenever it was mealtime, my parents would put food by my door.
aqua: They took care of a shut-in NEET like you... Don't you feel sorry for them?
kazuma: I-I made my own food, too! 
kazuma: Like cup ramen when I got hungry at night...
aqua: And that makes it better, you shut-in NEET?! Instant ramen isn't cooking! 
aqua: Pft! *Snicker*       
kazuma: Damn you... 
kazuma: Fine, I'll show you! I'm gonna make ramen so good it'll bring you to tears!
aqua: Can you really make something tasty?
kazuma: I can't make it exactly like it is in Japan, but they do sell ready-made noodles in this world.
kazuma: All I have to do is boil some meat and veggies for the broth and add some seasoning. I'll just use the cooking skills I've acquired since coming to this world!
kazuma: All right, I'm off to shop!
aqua: Okie-dokie! I'll help you!
kazuma: Wait, why are YOU coming?
aqua: I wanna eat some too! Ramen tiiiiime! ♪
kazuma: *Sigh* ...Fine.
ナレーション: Three days later...
kazuma: It was a long road...
kazuma: With a load of lizard runner meat and piles of fresh veggies, I am finally ready!
kazuma: My beautiful broth has stewed for three days and will soon be complete!
aqua: Hey, Kazuma! I brought what you wanted!
kazuma: Many thanks, Aqua!
aqua: Here you are. 
aqua: Nabbing these onions was duck soup.
kazuma: It was what...? Ah, whatever.
kazuma: Once I dice up the onions and boil 'em for a bit, it'll be all done!
aqua: It smells so good... Hey, can I try a little taste?
kazuma: Don't be hasty, Aqua. If you taste it here... 
kazuma: It'll ruin the surprise for the main course!
kazuma: You gotta get everyone here first...
kazuma: and try it together!
aqua: Okaaay, if you say so.
kazuma: All right, let's go get Megumin and Darkness!
kazuma: Hey, Megumiiin! Darknesssss!
aqua: *Sniff* It really does smell tasty.
ナレーション: A few minutes later, four steaming bowls of ramen sat upon the table.
darkness: You said you'd treat us to a delicious dish we've never had before... So this is it?
kazuma: Yup! This is Japan's famous ramen! Go on, have a taste and cry your tears of delight!
megumin: Are you sure this is edible?
kazuma: Of course! Come on over here, Aqua! The noodles are gonna get soft!
aqua: I-I'll pass. I, uh, think I have a stomachache...
kazuma: What? Well, don't come crying to me later when there's none left!
kazuma: All right everybody, get ready...
Kazuma, Megumin ＆ Darkness: Let's eat!
kazuma: Gwahh?!
darkness: What's this supposed to be? It's so bland!
megumin: It's just noodles in water! You like this kind of thing, Kazuma?
kazuma: That's weird. The broth does seem a little too clear... 
kazuma: What's going on?
kazuma: Waaait a second... There was one moment where I looked away from the pot.
aqua: W-well then, my stomach still hurts, so I'm gonna go lie down.
kazuma: ...Stop right there.
aqua: Eep!
kazuma: Aqua... You snuck a taste earlier, didn't you?! The broth's been purified!
kazuma: Gimme back my three days of hard work!
aqua: It looked super tasty! And I can't help purifying water when I touch it! What was I supposed to do?!
kazuma: If you wanna purify so bad, I'll find you another alligator lake to swim in!
kazuma: Don't think you can get out of that cage so easily again! I'll boil the whole lake with you in it!
aqua: Waaaaaah, I'm sooorry! Forgive me, Kazumaaaaaa!
megumin: *Sigh* Whatever... I'm still hungry.
darkness: I guess we'll be eating at the tavern today.
ナレーション: In the end, their dinner that day was once again fried giant toad.
kazuma: Ugh... I wanna eat Japanese food so bad...
