Kazuma - P4
kazuma: Man, yesterday was awful. If I never do another quest like that, it'll be too soon.
kazuma: I think I'm gonna take the next few days off. 
kazuma: Just lounging around all afternoon is my—
megumin: Get off your keister, Kazuma! I just found a quest that's perfect for my explosion magic.
kazuma: Should have seen that coming...
kazuma: No way! I'm taking the day off. I'm still exhausted from carrying you home yesterday.
darkness: Oh, don't be that way. Aren't you curious to see how hard this monster can hit? I can't wait to find out.
kazuma: Not in the least! 
kazuma: I told you, I'm exhausted! I need some R&R!
aqua: I understand how you feel, Kazuma, but cheer up a bit. Here, 
aqua: maybe a smile from your favorite goddess will help.
kazuma: You're one to talk! You weren't the one to deal with the enemies you drew to our location with Force Fire! 
kazuma: Cheer up? I should have let them devour you!
kazuma: Do any of you realize how ragged you're working me?! 
kazuma: Put yourselves in my shoes once in a while!
darkness: I see... I believe I understand your meaning. 
darkness: "Prepare yourself, Darkness. 
darkness: I'm going to use you up and throw you out like an old rag." 
darkness: Is that what you're saying?
kazuma: That's not even close! 
kazuma: I don't need a fetishist, a so-called goddess, and a 
kazuma: child. I want to be pampered by a kind and sane woman!
aqua: Who are you calling a so-called goddess?! 
aqua: Apologize this instant!
kazuma: I've had enough! I can't get a lick of rest here!
megumin: Wait, Kazuma! Where are you going?!
kazuma: With a brainless goddess, a masochistic crusader, and a crazed pyromaniac under one roof, 
kazuma: I'll never get any rest.
Amy: Oh, dear. Is something the matter, Kazuma?
kazuma: Amy... 
kazuma: I sure wish I lived with a nice, motherly heroine like her instead.
Amy: You look dreadfully tired. Did something happen?
kazuma: Oh, Amy... You're so kind... 
kazuma: I work so hard, but Aqua and the others never appreciate it...
Amy: I see. It's true that you're always working diligently. 
Amy: I think that's very admirable of you.
Amy: You know, I just finished baking some sweets. Would you like to join me for a snack?
Amy: Oh, dear. That sounds like quite the ordeal. If you'd like, 
Amy: I could scratch behind your ears. That's a good boy.
kazuma: So gentle and kind...
kazuma: I never feel like this with Aqua or the others. This is exactly what I've needed!
kazuma: H-Hey, Amy? Do you mind if I ask another favor? Do you think I...
kazuma: I could rest my head in your lap for a bit?
Amy: In my lap? What a needy boy you are. Well, since you've been working so hard, 
Amy: I suppose that's okay, just this once.
kazuma: Ahh...
kazuma: Thank you...I can feel my worries melting away... 
kazuma: This must be what motherly love feels like...
Amy: Would you like a sweet? Say "ahh."
kazuma: Ahhh. 
kazuma: This is delicious! Oh, I don't ever want to go back to that mansion! Starting today, I'm going to live with you!
Amy: Now now, you wouldn't want to worry the others. 
Amy: But if you'd like, you can stay for the night. I'm sure Mia would enjoy the company.
kazuma: I can't believe such a kind person has been by my side 
kazuma: this entire time! How could I be so blind?!
kazuma: Oh...I just remembered I haven't eaten lunch yet. I'm starting to get a little hungry.
Amy: Hehe, you sound just like Mia. 
Amy: Oh, I have a wonderful idea. I brought lunch. Would you like a bite?
kazuma: Yes, please!
Amy: Then open wide!
kazuma: Oh, this is absolutely delicious.
Amy: Don't hold back! There's plenty more. Here comes the next bite...
kazuma: A-Ahhh... I wish I could eat more of your scrumptious 
kazuma: home cooking, Amy, but I'm getting pretty full.
Amy: Oh? Mia usually eats at least twice as much. 
Amy: Okay, now say "Ahhh!"
kazuma: M-Mia? C'mon, her stomach's on a level all its own.
Amy: Maybe for now. But don't worry, I'll stretch your stomach's 
Amy: limits—and then some. Oh, it'll be like having two Mias!
Amy: Now let's see... If Kazuma's going to live with us, we'll need more utensils. Clothes too. As for his studies...
kazuma: H-Hold your horses! I appreciate the sentiment, but I don't require, uh, raising?
Amy: Silly boy, saying such silly things. I'm here for you now, 
Amy: understand? Gone are the days of running yourself ragged.
Amy: Cooking, laundry, cleaning... Leave it all to me, okay? You just run along and play with Mia all day.
Amy: Oh, you're probably so tired that you can't even feed yourself. Not to worry. 
Amy: I'll feed you—day after day after day...
kazuma: H-Hold on! She's so motherly, she'll smother me to death. I can't do this! 
kazuma: Every instinct I have is telling me one thing: 
kazuma: If I let her pamper me, it's goodbye to any semblance of personal agency—forever.
kazuma: W-Well, after lying on your lap and being treated to lunch, why, I feel like a million Eris!
kazuma: Wow, Amy, I can't thank you enough! Now that I'm all better, I think I'll be off!
Amy: Oh, really? That's a shame. Do come by whenever you're tired. 
Amy: I'll cook up all of your favorite foods!
kazuma: What just happened? She fed me. She coddled me. And yet, I feel...terrified!
kazuma: H-Hey, you guys.
megumin_lightcloth: Oh, you're back. Finally. Care to explain where you've been 
megumin_lightcloth: for the last century?
darkness: Kazuma, it's your day to do the laundry! 
darkness: We all live here together, remember? Chores first. Play later.
aqua: "Put yourselves in my shoes"? Please. Put yourselves in ours...and do your chores for a change. 
aqua: Once you're done hanging the laundry, there's also the 
aqua: teeny tiny matter of dinner. Get on that. I'm famished.
kazuma: ...There's no place like home.
aqua: Come again?
kazuma: Just talking to myself. I'll go rustle up some grub. 
kazuma: And as for tomorrow, what were you saying about that quest?
ナレーション: For all its trial and toil, it seemed Kazuma preferred his current life to one where he was pampered and spoiled.
