BgCamera: NoWait
Aqua - P1
ナレーション: There came a day where Aqua finally set her resolve.
aqua: That's right! I'm the goddess Aqua!
kazuma: Yeah, you sure are. Now hurry up and buy the stuff we need for dinner. 
kazuma: If you want snacks, keep it under 300 Eris—
aqua: Nooo!!
kazuma: What's the matter? Feeling grumpy today?
aqua: Listen, Kazuma. I'm a bona fide water goddess, right?
aqua: But nobody even worships me! It's ridiculous!
kazuma: Uh... Well, for one, the others don't even believe you're a goddess. Just let it go.
aqua: No! You're telling me to just accept it? 
aqua: I'm a goddess, you know! I literally guide people to the afterlife!
aqua: I'm gonna prove my divinity to everybody once and for all!
kazuma: Forget it. They're just gonna think you're being delusional again.
aqua: So, I was thinking I'm gonna...
kazuma: She's not listening...
aqua: ...show them my amazing powers of purification! Then everyone will believe in me!
aqua: Pretty brilliant plan, right?
kazuma: Wow, you're SUCH a genius. Sure, why not?
aqua: Okay, I'm off to show my wonderful divine powers to the good people of Axel!
kazuma: Yeah, you do that. 
kazuma: Just make sure you pick up dinner first.
aqua: Attention, everyone! Your goddess is in town, and she's 
aqua: offering a special service! Your houses'll be squeaky clean!
Axel Resident A: Goddess? That girl must be nuts...
aqua: I swear! I'm a real water goddess! 
aqua: I'll prove it! The water I've purified can instantly wash away any dirt or grime!
Axel Resident B: Oh yeah? Our toilet's kinda old. Can you clean that, too?
aqua: Of course! It'll be as good as new! And it's all 
aqua: totally free! You won't find a better deal anywhere! ♪
aqua: All you have to do is tell everyone you met me, an awesome and powerful goddess!
Axel Resident B: That's all? Not a bad bargain. Mind cleaning my bathroom, then?
Axel Resident C: Ooh, mine too!
aqua: Hold on, no need to push! There's enough Aqua to go around.
aqua: The people are relying on me... I missed this feeling so much. Being a goddess is my true calling!
aqua: Whew! Nothing like a nice cold bubbly after a hard day's work! It's almost sinful!
kazuma: Nice job today. So, did it work?
aqua: Why wouldn't it? I spent the whole day cleaning so many bathrooms!
megumin: What caused this change of heart?
darkness: Feeling charitable all of a sudden? 
darkness: Or perhaps you're being forced into performing services... 
darkness: Ooh, that's good!     
aqua: No. I'm a kind and merciful goddess. 
aqua: Naturally, I'll extend my benevolence to all humans.
megumin: There she goes again.
darkness: Charity work is all well and good, but you shouldn't deceive people.
aqua: I'm not deceiving anyone! I'm a real 
aqua: goddess! The whole town's abuzz with rumors of me right now—
Axel Resident A: Hey, look over there! That blue hair... That's the goddess!
Axel Resident B: It's her! The goddess is among us!
kazuma: Wait... Do they seriously believe in her?
Axel Resident C: We lift up our thanks to you... Grant us your blessings, O merciful goddess!
aqua: Raise your heads. The goddess Aqua is forgiving to those who seek salvation!
darkness: They're basically prostrating themselves... You don't suppose Aqua's really a goddess, do you?
megumin: No way. They're just confused... Right?
Axel Residents: Dear Goddess! Our Goddess! Dear Goddess! Our Goddess!
aqua: Oh, my... If you worship me so, 
aqua: even a real goddess like me might blush! Ehehehe...
Axel Resident A: Please, no need for such humility! You are truly divine!
Axel Resident B: Yes... You are our beloved Toilet Goddess!
aqua: I... Wait, what? The what goddess, now?
Axel Resident C: Everyone was so delighted to see their toilets so clean and shiny! Our goddess will solve all our plumbing problems!
aqua: Hey! I DID purify your bathroom water, but "Toilet Goddess"?
darkness: I see now! They were calling you a goddess out of respect for your cleaning skills!
megumin: Why don't you try saving up skill points and changing jobs to Toilet Specialist?
aqua: No! I'm a real goddess! Help me out here, Kazuma!
kazuma: Hey, Toilet Goddess!
aqua: Come on! 
aqua: I'm not a toilet goddess, I'm a water goddess!
ナレーション: The tears Aqua shed that day were said to wash away even the most stubborn bowl stains... But that's a story for another day.
