Aqua - P4
aqua: Look here, Kazuma! On the bulletin board!
kazuma: Hm? A competitive eating contest here in Axel? Starts next week. 
kazuma: First place wins a year's supply of bubbly and jerky...
aqua: Not just any bubbly. First-rate, premium bubbly fit for an actual goddess! 
aqua: I'm winning; I deserve a year of sweet debauchery!
kazuma: Hmm... You may be a slovenly glutton, but you'll likely be 
kazuma: going up against some serious competition.
aqua: Psh. I've got a week to train! That's enough time to make 
aqua: my belly the size of a barn! Let the feasting begin!
aqua: I-I'm done... Can't eat...another bite...
kazuma: I'm both amazed and appalled. You did nothing but eat. For days.
aqua: Excuse you. I'm training my tushie off for a noble purpose! 
aqua: You'd think that would be worth a compliment.
kazuma: Training? You're just heaving your favorite foods down your greedy gullet.
aqua: Kazuma, my post-meal flagon of the good stuff, if you would be so kind.
kazuma: You just ate yourself into oblivion. Now you wanna drink?
aqua: It hurts, sure. But what doesn't kill you...
aqua: only...makes you...stronger! Now bring on that sweet bubbly!
kazuma: It hurts? You're smiling, for cripes sake!
ナレーション: The day of the contest arrived at last, and Axel was bustling, full of eager spectators...
mitsurugi: You have my undying support, Lady Aqua! I know you'll trounce the competition!
cecily: Go, my goddess! And after you've won, make sure to include 
cecily: a few words about our faith in your victory speech!
aqua: I've got this in the bag, guys. Watch and be amazed!
kazuma: The total number of participants comes to...
kazuma: ten people it looks like... No, wait a sec. There's an empty seat.
Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen, I present the culinary quest our courageous contestants will embark upon!
cecily: Behold! The monolith...of meat! Cooked to perfection and looking quite 
cecily: tantalizing, I'll admit.
mitsurugi: T-That's larger than an Ancient Dragon! You could set a 
mitsurugi: hundred knights on that thing and they still wouldn't finish.
Announcer: Carve the meat for our contestants, please! The rest will be dried and become jerky for the victor. There's a year's worth—or more!
aqua: Now THAT looks appetizing! 
aqua: I'm even more excited to win, 
aqua: which will be a cinch, given how much I practiced!
Announcer: I see all our contestants have been given a plate, save for one, who seems to be late. But, the show must go on...
Announcer: And with that, get ready and...EAT!
aqua: I didn't train to lose! Watch your goddess 
aqua: get her glut on!
mitsurugi: L-Lady Aqua's eating at an incredible pace! And what's more, 
mitsurugi: she's still the picture of divine perfection!
aqua: My stomach's ten sizes larger than the competition! I'll eat circles around them, so long as I maintain my pace.
aqua: ...That's easier said than done when eating meat and nothing else though. The taste never changes. 
aqua: Time to pull out all the stops... 
aqua: Hah! Nature's Beauty!
Announcer: What's this? Aqua just pulled some kind of water stunt! ...I like it!
kazuma: Why drop Nature's Beauty now? Is she quitting?
mitsurugi: On the contrary, 
mitsurugi: she's shifting the food in her body—so that even more will fit! 
cecily: Oh goddess sublime, we are not worthy...! Your glorious 
cecily: victory is surely nigh!
aqua: Good. That created more space—enough for one final dash to the finish line!
Announcer: What's this...? A thunderclap? But how? The sky is clear as can be right now!
miia: *Yawn* I'm starvin'...
Announcer: That wasn't thunder! It was this girl's growling stomach! And with that, I give you our final contestant!
aqua: Wait, Mia is the final contestant? 
aqua: Oh, boy. This isn't good.
miia: This sweet aroma's to die for! I'm free to dig in, right? 
miia: Well then, don't mind if I do!
aqua: I don't believe it. She won. And with such a late start too.
kazuma: Mia can really put it away! 
kazuma: I mean, did she devour a pile of meat that's larger than she is? 
kazuma: Nah, t-that couldn't be...right?
aqua: It's not fair! I tried! Like, really, REALLY tried! I thought hard work was supposed to pay off!
miia: Say, Kazuma, why's Aqua cryin'? Did I do somethin' 
miia: that hurt her feelin's?
kazuma: Don't worry about it. On a more positive note, congrats 
kazuma: on a landslide victory, Mia.
aqua: *Sob* I was supposed to be bathing in fine bubbly by now!
miia: Bubbly? This stuff, ya mean? Here, you can have it. 
miia: Heck, I don't want it.
aqua: W-Wha...?!
miia: I came here for the year's worth o' jerky!
aqua: You sweet, carnivorous angel! Thank you, Mia! Thank you, thank you, thank you! 
aqua: I think a party is in order!
miia: Ooh, I'll let Amy know we're holdin' a gathering! Oh, and I'm 
miia: happy to share my jerky. Just a tiny bit though.
aqua: You're a saint, Mia. 
aqua: Well, I'll round up the gang. It's time to pop some bottles!
aqua: I pushed my body to its gastronomic limits all week. 
aqua: It was grueling. Torturous. Never again! 
aqua: Tonight, I feast for fun!
ナレーション: Aqua's enlarged appetite fueled near endless gorging, quadrupling their grocery bills, much to Kazuma's chagrin.
