Aqua - P3
ナレーション: The sound of Aqua's wailing echoed through the manor...
aqua: Kazuma, pleeeaaase! C'mon, we're friends!
kazuma: No way! Not my responsibility!
aqua: Think of all the things I've done for you! You have a whole ocean of debt to me!
aqua: I even clean the toilets here! I can't even count how many undead I've taken out!
kazuma: The undead only showed up because of you. 
kazuma: Stop trying to lean on me when it's convenient.
aqua: I know what you mean, but I only have three hundred Eris! How am I supposed to live like this?! Lend me a little money!
kazuma: Agh, knock it off already!
kazuma: You drink your bubbly every dang day! And then you pay for everyone else's drinks when you're in a good mood.
kazuma: You buy way too much junk and always lose your wallet.\n
kazuma: You got yourself into this mess!
aqua: *Sob*
kazuma: It's hard to believe you're a goddess. 
kazuma: Oh, that's right. You're a goddess...a useless goddess!
aqua: Waaaaaah! Kazuma, that's going too far! Take it back! 
aqua: I'll show you how serious this goddess can get!
ナレーション: She said she was serious, but Aqua returned to working as a simple day laborer to earn her living...
aqua: La la lalalala ♪ 
aqua: Fixing walls like this is a piece of cake!
Foreman: Wow, miss. You work awfully fast. Fantastic work as always.
Foreman: You move like a real artist. It's too bad you work as an adventurer.
aqua: I can tell you have quite the trained eye, boss!
aqua: But sorry, I'm not ready to quit adventuring just yet. 
aqua: People are counting on my skills as an arch priestess!
Foreman: This girl's really an arch priestess? An advanced job class working part-time... There must be a reason.
Foreman: She always works hard, so maybe I should throw her a bonus.
aqua: I really do enjoy a hard day's work. Manual labor makes you feel alive.
aqua: I wonder how today's pay will be...
aqua: Wow! That's more than I expected! Maybe I should stop 
aqua: by the tav—
aqua: No! I need to get a grip on myself! I'll be broke again, and Kazuma will make fun of me.
aqua: I'm saving this. I'll keep saving for a while. No more bubbly, go on some quests, and...
aqua: Still, the Axis Order has an important teaching... 
aqua: "There is no need to exercise discipline."
aqua: "Drink when you want, and eat when you want, for tomorrow's meal is not guaranteed." 
aqua: What?!
aqua: As the goddess of the Order, I can't ignore its teachings!\n
aqua: For the good of my followers, I must forsake all discipline!
aqua: So that means it's time for a drink! Nothing beats some bubbly after a hard day's work!
aqua: I should invite Kazuma and the gang, too!
aqua: Okay, for my next trick... 
aqua: Nature's Beauty!
Adventurer A: It's her specialty! I've been waiting for this! That rainbow makes my heart swell every time!
Adventurer B: Nice! Let's see another one!
aqua: They're really into it today. Okay, this next one's 
aqua: a special trick I've been saving! Here goes!
Adventurer C: Wh-whoa! How did you do that?!
aqua: A magician never reveals her secrets—nor does a goddess!
megumin: She's like a street performer or something... They're showering her with money.
darkness: Yeah, and it might pay for tonight's drinks.
kazuma: It's like she's collecting an offering... I suppose she is kinda goddess-like in some ways.
aqua: Whew, today has been a fairly productive day. Maybe this will earn me more followers.
kazuma: I wouldn't bet on it. 
kazuma: Anyway, how about using everyone's generosity to cover tonight's tab?
aqua: You really are a senseless shut-in. How many times do I need to tell you?
aqua: Art isn't something you perform at someone else's whim. 
aqua: You perform when your soul is truly roused!
aqua: I am a goddess, in case you've somehow forgotten. I won't act like some celebrity for your benefit.
kazuma: O-okay...
kazuma: She's right... A goddess would never perform parlor tricks.\n
kazuma: Just like she'd never work a part-time job...
aqua: More importantly, we haven't toasted yet. Raise your glasses, everyone!
Everyone: Cheers!
aqua: Let's get wild tonight!
aqua: *Groan* Ugh... Kazuma, can you rub my back?
kazuma: Yeah, yeah...
ナレーション: As Kazuma massaged Aqua's back, he felt a hint of sympathy for the Order of Axis because of their sad goddess...
