Megumin - P4
megumin: K-K-Kazuma!
kazuma: G-Geez, was that YOU, Megumin? 
kazuma: I thought a complete stranger had just waltzed right in.
megumin: T-Today I'm not your normal Megumin, nope, nope! B-Behold, 
megumin: for I am, er, cute! Yes! The cutest there ever was!
kazuma: What in the world has happened to you? 
kazuma: Get a grip!
megumin: What happened? W-Why, nothing at all... Tee hee? 
megumin: Hey, check out this pose! It's so...c-c-cute. Yeah?
kazuma: Are you some kind of deluded doppelganger?! The Megumin I know 
kazuma: wouldn't parade around striking poses like that!
kazuma: I bet you bought something weird at Wiz's. You're cursed! 
kazuma: That's okay—we'll get Aqua to undo the enchantment...
megumin: What's your deal?! Stow the crackpot theories for one 
megumin: minute, will you?!
erica: Wrong, Megumin! Even when you're angry, 
erica: the cute must keep coming!
megumin: Aw, you've got to be kidding me!
kazuma: Aha! I knew something was up. I take it Erika put you up to this, then?
erica: You're making me out to be the villain, but it's quite the opposite!
megumin: Ugh. Let me explain...
erica: What's literally the most important thing ever? Cuteness.
megumin: I beg to differ. Coolness is supreme. All lesser qualities 
megumin: descend from it—cuteness included!
erica: Nonsense. Everything good and just in the world can be 
erica: attributed to cuteness. Heck, look at me!
megumin: If cuteness is just, so is coolness. It can also don threads of a darker shade. 
megumin: Nothing is more just than a cool villain!
erica: You're making absolutely no sense, you know that?
megumin: To you, perhaps—a surefire sign of your naivety. 
megumin: What say I teach you to walk the path of coolness?
erica: You've got it mixed up. I'll teach YOU what it means to be cute! 
erica: Since coolness goes both ways, you shouldn't have a problem, right?
megumin: We'll hold a contest. Wit against wit—brawn against brawn. Let's settle things once and for all! 
megumin: The loser becomes the disciple of the victor.
kazuma: ...So the two of you played rock-paper-scissors. You, Megumin, lost, and now you're trapped in this bizarre tutelage.
megumin: Oh, right. That.
erica: Ahem. Maintain register.
megumin: Th-That's pretty much it, tee hee!
kazuma: I'm sorry, but that sounds awful.
erica: You should've heard her earlier. And now, we move on to 
erica: our next lesson: striking a cute pose!
megumin: Another c-cute pose? 
megumin: Like this?
kazuma: No, definitely not like that... 
kazuma: I think it's time I stepped in. 
kazuma: Watch me! The trick is—eyes up, chin down! Try it again!
megumin: Why are YOU giving me orders?
erica: Well, Kazuma IS the Axel Hearts producer, you know. 
erica: He knows more about cuteness than you do.
kazuma: Way more... Now Megumin, if you will, summon all the cuteness in your being and ask me for a favor. 
kazuma: Act like I'm your big brother.
megumin: I-I, uh, really 
megumin: want a new eyepatch. 
megumin: P-Please?
kazuma: In what world, pray tell, do little sisters make such strange requests?
erica: How about we keep it simple? Ask him to accompany you on a quest.
megumin: Let's go on a quest tomorrow. Pretty please? 
megumin: With a cherry on top?
erica: Now that's some serious cuteness! 
erica: Only second to me!
megumin: I wanna hunt a pack of monsters, and blow 'em into charred fragments! 
megumin: Tee hee! 
megumin: Well, whaddaya say?
kazuma: A-A vast improvement. In tone, at least. 
kazuma: The statement itself was rather spine-chilling.
erica: Congrats. You've earned my stamp of approval.
megumin: Meaning we're done, yes? Finished. FIN. FINITO!!! 
megumin: Holy hell in a handbasket, YES!!!
kazuma: Hey, where're you going?!
megumin: Spirit of the dancing flame, 'tis to thee I call! 
megumin: Hotter than the setting sun, with crimson jaws mine enemies maul!
megumin: So tolls the bell of ruination. Ashes to ashes, I present 
megumin: thy damnation! EXPLOSION!!!
kazuma: Geez Louise! That crater'll be there for decades! 
kazuma: I think that might be your best work yet.
megumin: Phew. I've been accumulating stress all day putting on that insufferable facade. That's probably why.
kazuma: "Stress," she says... You brought this whole ordeal on 
kazuma: yourself, as I recall. In any case, cool suits you better.
megumin: Agreed. Nothing beats a cool incantation and a sizzling hot Explosion. Coolness IS supreme! Now...piggyback, please.
kazuma: On it.
megumin: I see my path with more clarity than before. And what a golden, glorious path it is. For it is...mine own.
ナレーション: Having endured the polar opposite of her preferred aesthetic, Megumin's faith in coolness burned even brighter.
