Megumin - P3
ナレーション: Outside the Crimson Demon Village, Megumin was hunting monsters with Kazuma, Yunyun, and Arue to earn levels...
kazuma: We left Aqua at home, so why are there still so many undead here?!
megumin: It could be that all our time with Aqua has left her scent on us. They might be attracted to that.
kazuma: She's not even here and she's still causing us trouble!
arue: Maybe you should focus on the battle at hand. Some of these mid-level undead can use magic.
ynyn: Let an expert handle this! 
ynyn: Light of Saber!
megumin: Can I fire off my spell yet? Please, just once!
kazuma: No! An explosion would catch us all at this range!
ナレーション: Just then, a mid-level undead creature spotted Megumin and began casting a spell on her...
megumin: Ugh...
ynyn: Cursed Lightning!
ynyn: Megumin! Are you okay?!
megumin: Huh? It feels like nothing happened...
kazuma: I don't see any wounds on you, even though you got blasted. Did it somehow miss?
arue: No, something's not right. She was hit with an anti-magic curse.\n
arue: She probably won't be able to cast anything for 24 hours.
megumin: Wait, does this mean... 
megumin: I can't use my explosion magic?! I'm grounded? Don't tell me I'm grounded!
arue: It looks like you are for now. All right, Yunyun... Let's deal with the remaining foes.
megumin: Hey! Are you just gonna leave me here?! 
megumin: Explosion... 
megumin: Ack! Nothing happened! This can't be!
komekko: Enough already, Sis.
megumin: Grr... 
megumin: I wanna use my spell! I wanna use my spell!
ynyn: Eek! 
ynyn: Ow! Ow! Stop, Megumin! 
ynyn: Don't hit me!
kazuma: I know it's hard right now, but don't take it out on Yunyun. 
kazuma: She's only here because she's worried about you.
megumin: You don't understand anything, Kazuma! Crimson Demons like me go into withdrawal if we can't use our magic!
kazuma: There you go, making up stuff again...
megumin: Will I be able to endure this trial... 
megumin: No! It's too much to bear!
megumin: Call Aqua and get her to remove this curse from me! Oh, forget it! I'll go back to Axel alone if I have to!
kazuma: It's already night, so just hang in there. You'll be able to cast your spell tomorrow afternoon.
megumin: That's easy for you to say! 
megumin: But remember, it's your fault that my body is like this!
komekko: ...Sis's body is Kazuma's responsibility?
kazuma: Whoa! Don't give your sister the wrong idea about us!
megumin: I'm taking this frustration out on you, Kazuma! 
megumin: You're weak, so I know you won't put up much of a fight!
kazuma: S-
kazuma: Stop it! Get off of me! 
kazuma: What's with that crazed look in your eyes?!
megumin: It's no use resisting. I'm going to rip it right off!
kazuma: Rip what off? My clothes? Or my skin?!
megumin: Shut up! I'm way past my limits! I'm gonna explode! Kazuma, hurry up and do something!
kazuma: Say what now? 
kazuma: And what are you doing with your hands?!
komekko: Sis is very frustrated...
kazuma: Komekko, I-I don't think that means what you think it means!\n
kazuma: Gah, this isn't something a kid should see!
ナレーション: The next morning, Megumin had not slept a wink, and was suffering from both a fever and nosebleed...
megumin: *Pant pant* Explosion...explosion...explosion!
kazuma: Huh? She actually got ill from not being able to use magic? The Crimson Demon Clan sure is weird...
megumin: *Pant pant* Kazuma! I can't take this anymore!
kazuma: I know, I know... Your 24 hours are almost up. 
kazuma: We're away from the village, so everything will be fine.
ynyn: Hang in there, Megumin! Just a bit longer!
arue: Looks like it's the same time it was yesterday, when she was cursed. 
arue: The promised hour has come... Megumin's curse... 
arue: It's lifted!
megumin: Eh? It's back! I'm back and ready to go!
megumin: Hraaaaaah... 
megumin: In a deluge of deep crimson!
ynyn: Th-the blast...! 
ynyn: Eeeeeek!
kazuma: Whoa! That was way more potent than usual!
arue: She's left an ashen crater in her wake...
megumin: Ahh... That feels better.
ynyn: Megumin?!
megumin: Don't worry, I'm just out of magic like usual. Kazuma, please carry me.
kazuma: *Sigh* You never make this easy, do you?
kazuma: I will say, your explosion today gets full marks!
megumin: Thanks. It's actually quite nice, unleashing an explosion after holding back for so long.
megumin: Nice explosion!
ナレーション: Megumin gave a thumbs-up from Kazuma's back, her face filled with satisfaction...
