BgCamera: NoWait
Megumin - P1
ナレーション: One early afternoon, as Megumin was strolling about town...
Man: Ah, at long last. Just what I've been looking for!
megumin: Wh-whoa! What's your deal?
darkness: Are you a pervert? Some kinda pick-up artist? I warn you... I offer no mercy to the wicked!
Man: W-wait! It's not like that at all!
aqua: That's what you weirdos always say...
Reporter: No, I'm serious. I was too excited to properly introduce myself. I'm a journalist, you see...
darkness: You mean for the paper. Yeah, I've seen it at the guild.
Reporter: Oh, you know it? Anyway, we publish a fashion column, and...
Reporter: Forgive my presumption, but would it be okay if I snapped a few shots with this magi-camera?
megumin: A fashion column...
darkness: You want to take our pictures?
Reporter: Right! We'd love for you to model, and—
aqua: Look at you! You've got quite an eye, I see!
aqua: No matter how I try to hide this gloriously divine aura, I guess it still shines through!
darkness: Our picture... 
darkness: Are you going to put us in humiliating poses...?
darkness: Will they continue to escalate until we're completely debased? 
darkness: Ahh!     
Reporter: Actually, we only want photos of your young magic user...
Aqua ＆ Darkness: Wh-what did you just say?!
megumin: Hehe... My time has come at last! This must be the work of fate itself!
aqua: Hold it! You've got me and Darkness right here! Why are you only interested in Megumin?
megumin: Hehe... It seems my hidden magical talent and charm cannot be denied.
darkness: Open your eyes, Megumin! He's just a monster dressed in journalist's clothing!
darkness: I'm certain he wants to take advantage of your pure heart, only to snap some indecent photos!
Reporter: Not at all! We're a totally normal newspaper...
megumin: So, you wish to see my forbidden power, do you? 
megumin: Very well!
megumin: Now then, Mr. Journalist! Tell me, what sort of pose do you want to see?
Reporter: Anything you like is fine. Whatever you think looks best!
megumin: L-like this?
Reporter: Perfect! You're just like a professional model! I think your eyepatch is really cute, too.
megumin: Something like this? Should I gaze off into the distance?
Reporter: Oh! Wonderful, wonderful! Your taste in clothes is simply fabulous... You're everything that I hoped for!
megumin: Hah! How cool is this? My eyepatch is a mighty seal that holds in my magical power!
Reporter: Good, good! The charm just pours out of you. I'm going to end up being one of your biggest fans, I just know it.
aqua: Megumin seems to be getting a bit carried away...
darkness: Oh, I'm sure he's only going to get worse and worse about it.
Reporter: Good! One more with a smile. Yeah, that's cute! How about one last shot with a cool pose?
megumin: I'm Megumin, the premier spellcaster of the Crimson Demon Clan. 
megumin: And now...a professional model, too!
kazuma: Hey, Megumin. There's a newspaper here for you.
megumin: Finally! That journalist sent me a copy of the paper I'm in!
aqua: I wonder how the column turned out.
megumin: Actually, I haven't seen it myself yet. 
megumin: But I'm sure it looks fantastic!
kazuma: You're in the paper, Megumin? What were you charged with?
megumin: I didn't do anything! 
megumin: Gaze with awe upon my form as it graces the fashion column!
kazuma: Is this what you're talking about?
darkness: All of the models in this are children.
aqua: "Axel's Most Fashionable Kids: Collector's Edition."
megumin: What?! I'm a fashionable KID?!
darkness: I see. So that's what this was all about...
kazuma: "Check out this little wizard's explosive style!" 
kazuma: Well...
megumin: Th-this is so...embarrassing!
aqua: You should be proud that people think so highly of you! It's a compliment!
megumin: Rgh... It doesn't feel like a compliment at all.
darkness: Hey, don't let it get you down. The important thing is that people have taken notice of you.
megumin: I'm gonna go blow off some steam. You'll come along, right, Kazuma?
kazuma: Yeah, yeah. If I have to.
megumin: EXPLOSION!
kazuma: That was way more powerful than usual. I guess anger really is a powerful motivator!
Kazuma & Megumin: Nice explosion!
