Darkness - P4
darkness: Sorry to bother you out of the blue, Cielo.
cielo: It's no problem at all. But my curiosity is piqued. 
cielo: What's this all about?
darkness: I have a favor to ask. Do you think you could train me? 
darkness: In martial arts, I mean.
cielo: You want me to train you?
darkness: Yes. I often hear from Lia and Erika that your teaching method can be rather...severe.
darkness: As a knight, I train daily to safeguard the innocent. And I never shy away from a challenge, no matter how brutal.
cielo: I can certainly oblige. But are you sure, though? I can't go easy on you just because we're friends.
darkness: The harder you go, the better. I wouldn't have it any other way.
cielo: I see... 
cielo: A motivated student makes for a motivated teacher! Let's do this!
darkness: Thanks, Cielo. Let's move outside the town walls then.
darkness: Cielo's training regiment will be both cruel AND unusual punishment. 
darkness: I can't wait!
cielo: You call that running, Darkness? Your pace lags with every step!
cielo: I wouldn't even call that a brisk walk! That's a penalty of ten more laps!
darkness: M-More running? This IS cruel and unusual! 
darkness: Praise the goddess!
darkness: My legs...burning...my knight's spirit...battered... 
darkness: Any more of this...and I may expire!
cielo: Oh? Last time I checked, corpses don't talk, so you clearly have plenty of life left! 
cielo: Which is why you'll be strapping THESE to your feet on the next lap!
darkness: I'm already running with a full suit of armor. And now you want me to wear iron sandals too?
cielo: If you can't take the pain, just say so.
darkness: N-No, I won't give up! I can take it! 
darkness: *Pant pant* Now that...was something else...
cielo: Impressive. I can tell you haven't been slacking with your day-to-day training. But that's all the break you've earned, on to the next drill!
darkness: Oh my! 
darkness: Barely a moment's respite and we're already moving on?
cielo: Yes, to shadow boxing. Imagine a bloodthirsty powerhouse of a foe before you!
darkness: Ah, I can see one, clear as day! His arms are thick as tree trucks! 
darkness: And I am a mere twig. So brittle. So weak!
cielo: Then I advise you don't just stand there! Assume a fighting stance— And fight! 
cielo: Fight as if your life depended on it!
darkness: Hoo! Ha! How's this? Am I doing it right?
cielo: Not even close! You couldn't hit the town wall with that strike! 
cielo: Is your punching as awkward as your sword skills?
darkness: Oh my! 
darkness: She can really hit where it hurts...unlike me!
darkness: I'm being put through the wringer and there's nothing I can do... 
darkness: This is sheer ecstasy!
cielo: Darkness, you're fighting for your life! Stop smiling—your guard's down! Do you WANT to get pummeled?
darkness: Yes, more than anything!
cielo: So you're fine with catching this blistering haymaker?!
darkness: In truth? Absolutely!
cielo: Ugh! Your hands are down! Put them back up—until I tell you otherwise!
kazuma: Look. They're really going at it.
megumin: Heya, Darkness, Cielo. How goes the training?
aqua: I thought it would be interesting to drop by and check on Darkness's burgeoning skills as a martial artist.
kazuma: There's surely been some measure of improvement under Cielo's tutelage...right?
darkness: More than you can imagine! Shall I demonstrate?
cielo: Uh, Darkness, I wouldn't recommend that just yet.
darkness: Fighting stance, Cielo. It's time to spar!
cielo: Oh, dear. Well, don't say I didn't warn you. Now put 'em up and show them what you've got!
megumin: Darkness's stance looks solid, wouldn't you say?
kazuma: Maybe Darkness HAS improved... 
kazuma: Then again, Cielo's warning doesn't bode well...
cielo: Ready to begin, Darkness? Remember to guard, just like I showed you.
darkness: I'll do my best! But on the off chance that I do happen to drop my hands, hit me anyway! 
darkness: At full force, please!
cielo: Hyah!
darkness: Nrff!
darkness: Yep. That's a Cielo punch all right.
cielo: For the umpteenth time, Darkness—GUARD! I'm going again! 
cielo: Ready? ...HWA!
darkness: Hwrmmmf! 
darkness: A-Another good one. But I can take more. Come at me again!
aqua: Anyone else get the feeling this is a little one-sided? Like Darkness is getting wailed on?
megumin: ...That tends to happen when you're stepping into each punch on purpose.
darkness: Everyone's watching me get manhandled by an overwhelming foe. Their cold stares are pelting me like hail... 
darkness: I love it!
kazuma: Yep. Saw this coming. 
kazuma: Cielo deserves props, though. Few can tolerate Darkness's depravity for this long. 
kazuma: Wait...does Cielo enjoy causing pa—
cielo: You've got it all wrong! I'm not a sadist, masochist, or any "ist!"
darkness: *Pant pant* 
darkness: Thank you, Cielo, from the bottom of my heart. I feel like I can withstand anything now.
megumin: Most sane people would interject, but whatever. 
megumin: Darkness IS our resident shield. Maybe it's good to improve her durability.
darkness: Well? I heard no bell! Put those dukes up, Cielo, and pelt me into next week! Don't hold back!
kazuma: This training session enhanced more than Darkness's durability. Her perversion has reached new heights too.
cielo: Why...do I get the feeling that this has nothing to do with martial arts anymore...?
darkness: Is that all, Cielo? Or are you out of steam?
darkness: No, can it be? Your strategy is to TEASE me, Cielo? 
darkness: You're truly a masterful magician of torment!
ナレーション: From that day on, Darkness regularly asked Cielo to spar with her...
