Darkness - P3
ナレーション: While Kazuma and company were sightseeing in Elroad, a strange scene unfolded around them...
Rude Noble: What's your problem?! You bump into me and don't apologize?!
Girl: I-I'm really sorry...
Rude Noble: I'm a noble, you know! Is that the best you can do?!
darkness: Hold it.
ナレーション: Darkness grabbed the man's hand as he was about to strike.
Rude Noble: Who the hell are you? You shouldn't be butting into the business of others!
darkness: I saw what happened, so I'm making it my business.
Rude Noble: Oh... A mere adventurer intends to stand up to me? You'll pay dearly for your meddling.
darkness: What?
Rude Noble: Now that I look at you... You're actually quite attractive. Perhaps you can apologize for the girl. At my manor.
darkness: Wh-what did you say? I never imagined I'd run into a noble that would actually use a line like that!
darkness: Ugh...
Rude Noble: You regret your rudeness now, huh? Well it's too late. I've been running short on servants, so you'll do nicely.
darkness: Servant? I'd be thrilled!
Rude Noble: Hmph! Glad to see you're enthusiastic, at least.
darkness: I've always wanted to try being someone's servant... 
darkness: Hehe, a servant at a ruthless nobleman's manor... Hehehe...
darkness: I can devote myself to work while the senior staff members pick on me and the butler leers at me!
darkness: You'll work me until I can hardly breathe, and I beg you for a mere moment's reprieve!
darkness: "Why are you slacking off? Your real work starts now. You'll work in my bedroom... Don't expect to get any sleep!"
darkness: Exhausted and unable to resist, he drags me to the bed, where—
Rude Noble: What are you prattling on about? Hurry up and follow me! I'm going to work you to the bone! Hahaha! This will be fun!
darkness: I agree! Ehehehe...
megumin: Huh? Wait... Isn't that Darkness?
Rude Noble: You're awfully haughty for a servant! Kneel before me!
darkness: Ha! You may have control over my body, but my heart will always be my own! Remember that!
Rude Noble: Interesting... We'll see how long that spirit of yours lasts. Gwahahaha!
megumin: Looks like Darkness is having a good time, but I still should probably tell the others.
kazuma: Heh, I've gotten pretty good at using my Lurk skill. These idiot guards mean nothing to me.
aqua: Darkness! Daaarkness! Where are you?
megumin: Aqua! If you keep shouting like that, the guards will find us!
Rude Noble: Somebody! P-please help me!
megumin: Huh? That's the guy who took Darkness!
aqua: Why's he crying for help? Did something happen?
Rude Noble: Darkness? Oh, you're friends with that weirdo—err, young lady! I'm begging you, take her with you! Please!
kazuma: Huh? You're the one who took her away in the first place. Now you want us to take her back?
？？？: Oh, there you are, Master!
darkness: Ungh! I really have to call this brute of a man "Master"! This couldn't be better!
darkness: Hurry up and give me my next job! Are you not nobility?! And don't forget to punish me for breaking that vase?!
Rude Noble: Eep! It's fine! Don't worry about it! It was a cheap trinket of no real value! I won't charge you for it!
aqua: What's with these two?
kazuma: I think I get it.
Rude Noble: Lady Lalatina, please, please have mercy on me! I was at fault for the incident this afternoon!
darkness: Don't call me Lalatina! And that has nothing to do with it!\n
darkness: Now, use me like an old dishrag!
Rude Noble: I-I could never! If the great house of Dustiness found I was mistreating their daughter, my lowly house would be—
darkness: You call yourself a nobleman?! You're pathetic!
megumin: He knows Darkness outranks him, so now he's terrified of her presence.
kazuma: Sorry, friend. It seems our crusader and her strange proclivities have caused you undue stress...
aqua: Well, at least no one was seriously hurt in all this. 
aqua: Darkness, can't you see you're giving this guy a hard time?
darkness: I'm the one who's having a hard time! He has yet to demand anything of me as his servant!
darkness: Oh, how my heart pounded when the other servants removed my armor! And just as they were about to give me my uniform...
darkness: They saw my family crest!
Rude Noble: Please, for the sake of my future, take Lady Lalatina with you! I will never do something like this again, I promise!
kazuma: Well, I guess that takes care of that. 
kazuma: Let's go home, Lalatina.
darkness: D-don't call me Lalatina! 
darkness: This isn't what I wanted at all!
