Chris - P1
ナレーション: Chris heaved a heavy sigh as she sat with Darkness at the Adventurer's Guild...
chris: This is such a pain... *Sigh* What should I do?
darkness: What's the matter, Chris? You're not your usual perky self today.
chris: Do you remember how I taught Kazuma the Steal skill the other day?
darkness: Oh yes, he mastered it quite quickly. Quickly enough to steal your underwear, and Megumin's...
darkness: It was impressively vile work!
chris: You call it impressive... Normal people would call it perverted.
chris: Do you know what the people of Axel are calling Kazuma these days?
darkness: "Kazuma the Panty-Stealing Devil," right?
chris: Yeah... That would be fine on its own, but the thing is... 
chris: They're calling ME the "Panty-Stealing Devil's Teacher"!
darkness: Th-that's a serious insult!
chris: Is there any way I can get them to stop?
darkness: Well... Wait, you want them to stop? 
darkness: Why in the world would you want such a thing?
chris: Ugh. For a second, I forgot who I was talking to...
？？？: Hey, you! Get back here!
ナレーション: As everyone turned toward the sound of Luna's voice, they noticed a man sprinting out of the guild.
luna: It's a dine-and-dash! Someone grab him!
darkness: Huh?
Dine-and-Dasher: Ha, too slow! Thanks for the meal!
chris: Let's get him, Darkness!
chris: Bind!
Dine-and-Dasher: Wh-whoa! What the...?
ナレーション: Chris used one of her thief skills to immobilize the perpetrator with a length of rope.
darkness: Way to go, Chris! You were amazing!
luna: Oh, thank you! You're a lifesaver, Chris.
chris: Hehehe! It was nothing, really.
chris: Huh? Wait a moment... That's it!
darkness: Hm? What's it?
chris: I've got it, Darkness!
chris: I can use my thief skills to do good deeds. That'll rehab my reputation around town.
chris: I'll help the people of Axel just like I did here today... 
chris: Yeah! That's a great idea!
darkness: Actually, Chris... I'm rather interested in that Bind skill you just used, so...
chris: Thanks for listening, Darkness! It sure is great having my best friend around to talk to.
darkness: Hey! Wait up, Chris! Try that Bind thing on me next!
Woman: Help! Someone snatched my bag! Stop him!
chris: Don't worry! He won't get far... 
chris: Bind!
Thief: Grah! Wh-what the hell?
chris: Hehe... Piece of cake!
Noble: Ah... This is terrible. I'm sure I dropped my wedding ring around here, but...
chris: If I use my Treasure Detection skill... 
chris: There it is!
chris: I found it in the grass! If you ever lose anything else, just let me know!
Child: Waaah! What should I do? I lost the key to our house!
chris: There's no need to cry. I'll just use my Lockpick skill. 
chris: It's just as good as any key!
darkness: You've been working hard lately. People around town are really talking.
Adventurer A: Yeah! You're a gal we can really depend on, Chris!
chris: Ehehehe... You're making me blush!
Adventurer B: We misjudged you. We can't call you the "Panty-Stealing Devil's Teacher" anymore.
darkness: Hehe, good for you, Chris. It looks like things went just the way you wanted.
chris: Yeah... I helped a lot of people and cleared my name. Now I can breathe easy.
Adventurer C: Amazing! She's popping up all over town... She's really light on her feet.
？？？: She sure is! Such amazing footwork!
chris: Huh? You're from the Order of Axis...
cecily: Chris! I have a request for you and your quick wits!
chris: Huh? Um, I—
cecily: Listen. They give out bread at Eris's church today, right? 
cecily: If you could go there and grab it all, we'd appreciate it!
cecily: Also, you're fast enough that you could post these flyers up around town while you're at it!
chris: Wait, why is the Order of Axis asking me to—
cecily: Thank you so much! You're my savior!
Adventurer A: Huh? We were so impressed with her speed, but she's just another Order of Axis disciple.
chris: What?
Adventurer B: She was just being nice so she could lure us into that cult. And to think that I was actually grateful to her!
chris: W-wait a minute!
Adventurer C: The Order of Axis says people should do what they want. Maybe she asked that guy to steal those panties?
chris: I did no such thing! I'm not a pervert like—
Adventurers: Definitely! She must be the mastermind behind all of these panty-stealing incidents!
chris: Enough!
darkness: Impressive, Chris. It's hard to get such an embarrassing nickname... I-I'm so jealous!
chris: This is nothing to be jealous of!
cecily: Right, let's use that marvelous speed of yours to spread the good word of the Axis!
chris: That's enough out of you! Ugh... I worked so hard to fix my reputation...
chris: How did all this happen?
ナレーション: Chris struggled to clear her name, but the harder she worked, the more misunderstandings happened.
