Chris - P3
？？？: We're looking forward to you joining us!
chris: Hm? What's this flyer?
？？？: Attention, those who foolishly follow the Eris faith! Continuing down that path will send you to your doom!
darkness: They're trying to pull people into the Order of Axis, so they must want to discredit the Eris faith.
cecily: Your toilets will clog, your neighbor will get the last bag of potatoes on sale, and your girlfriend will dump you!
cecily: You will meet with all sorts of calamities! And it will all happen because you joined the Eris faith!
chris: Those sound more like minor nuisances than calamities. Still, she is spreading bad rumors about us...
darkness: We can't let this insult to the Eris faith go overlooked. 
darkness: Hey, Cecily!
cecily: Oh! Hello, Darkness. How have you been?
darkness: I'll come right to the point. I would like for you to stop speaking ill of the Eris faith. 
darkness: I am one of her followers.
Axis Boy: A follower of Eris? You were one of them this whole time?!
darkness: Y-yes.
Axis Boy: Then please, give me some bread! I heard that followers of Eris are kind enough to give bread freely!
Axis Girl: No fair! Me too! Me too!
darkness: Whoa! 
darkness: Stop tugging on me! And don't climb on my armor! 
darkness: Help, Chris! This isn't the kind of stuff I'm into!
chris: Come on, children. Stop swarming the nice lady. 
chris: Cecily, wipe that smirk off your face and call them off!
cecily: So, to what do I owe the pleasure of your visit? Are you here to convert? It's definitely conversion, yes?
chris: No, it's not that. It's fine to preach your beliefs, but I don't think you should be disparaging the Eris faith.
cecily: Oh? Does that mean you think the Eris faith is superior? Are you taking their side over mine?!
chris: I'm not saying that at all, just...
cecily: Hmph. So that's how it's going to be, eh?
chris: Hey! Watch where you're staring! 
chris: My chest has nothing to do with this!
cecily: No, no... Don't worry about it. Everyone has a worry or two... 
cecily: Deep inside their chest.
chris: Why did you emphasize the word chest just now?! 
chris: I'm not worried about my size or anything!
cecily: There is no need to deny yourself. You don't have to lie. 
cecily: These are the teachings of the merciful goddess Aqua.
cecily: Fortunately, the Order of Axis has a miraculous potion. Allow the goddess Aqua to save you from your worries!
chris: Huh?
cecily: It's the honest truth! Many young women have been saved by converting to the Order of Axis!
cecily: And if you convert now, we'll even throw it in for free! Just think! A chest-enhancing potion at no charge!
chris: A bigger... 
chris: No, I don't care about that! 
chris: Not in the... Well, actually... 
chris: But I refuse to join the Order of Axis.
darkness: Well said, Chris! After all, look at me. I'm a follower of the Eris faith. 
darkness: A-and it didn't affect the size of my chest!
chris: Th-that's true...
chris: I asked her nicely, but will she listen? That method of trying to convert people will only hurt the Order of Axis.
chris: Still, I wonder if they really have a potion that does what they say it does... Might be worth looking into.
darkness: Um, Chris. This could be none of my business, but... 
darkness: I might have some exercises that would help with your problem.
chris: No, it's not a problem! I don't want a huge chest!
cecily: Hey, stop pushing! Don't shove me!
chris: Cecily is having trouble with the townspeople again!
Axel Resident A: That potion you gave me didn't work at all!
Axel Resident B: I only converted because I wanted that potion that helps you lose weight! I'm quitting the faith!
Axel Resident A: You lied to me about how my hair would have more volume if I joined the Order of Axis!
cecily: Only true believers will be saved! If you do not find salvation, then your faith just isn't strong enough!
Axel Resident B: Shut up! You Axis faithful are all loony!
Axel Resident A: I was an idiot for listening to the Order of Axis!
cecily: That's my cue to leave!
Axel Resident B: Ah, she's getting away! After her!
darkness: Cecily sure is a tough girl.
chris: Not just Cecily, but all of the Axis faithful... 
chris: Anyway, I'm glad she's doing well... I think.
ナレーション: While Chris was distraught by the pressures of the Order of Axis, she still enjoyed the antics that ensued...
