Chris - P2
chris: Ugh! Again and again... Why does this always happen to me?
ナレーション: Chris's anger echoed through the guild one early afternoon.
kazuma: What's wrong, Chris? You're in quite a bad mood today.
chris: What's wrong? 
chris: You dare ask me that? This is all because of YOUR dirty habits!
kazuma: My dirty habits? What are you talking about?
chris: The way you use Steal all the time!
chris: Do you think you could maybe grow up and stop...stealing my p-p-panties all the time?
kazuma: Hmm... I hear you, but it's beyond my control. It's not like I was doing that on purpose.
kazuma: Actually, the problem might be you being around whenever I use Steal.
chris: Th-that's... 
chris: No, you're not talking your way out of this one.
chris: The problem is that you're using Steal right in the middle of town all the time!
kazuma: Okay, fair. But you're not gonna die if your panties disappear for a minute.
chris: Hey, a girl's panties are a matter of life and death! 
chris: Plus, I'm getting fewer quests lately...
chris: Having such a precious treasure stolen means people have stopped trusting my skills as a thief!
kazuma: You have a point... I wouldn't trust you with that.
chris: Well, I refuse to quit being a thief. You need to take responsibility for this situation
chris: .
kazuma: Huh? Wait, Chris! Where are you taking me?
chris: It's time for a rematch. You and I are gonna have another Steal battle!
kazuma: Huh?
chris: I'll toss a coin and we'll both use Steal when it hits the ground. Whoever steals the more valuable item wins.
chris: How does that sound? Simple enough?
kazuma: Yeah, but why do I—
chris: The only way I can clear my name is by proving that I'm a better thief than you! 
chris: So, get ready!
kazuma: Fine, let's get it over with. If you want it that badly... I'll accept your challenge!
kazuma: Remember, I believe in total equality between the sexes. 
kazuma: I won't hold anything back.
chris: Of course, I wouldn't want anything less. 
chris: Okay, are you ready? Then here we go!
ナレーション: Chris flipped the coin, sending it sailing high into the air. Then, a moment before it hit the ground...
Kazuma ＆ Chris: Steal!
chris: I did it... Huh? 
chris: Aaaaaaugh!
ナレーション: Chris's cry of victory soon turned into agony. She threw the item she stole to the ground... A pair of gray men's underwear.
chris: Whoa, that was a shock. I might've dropped them, but I still won the contest, right?
chris: Stealing the underwear from the Panty-Stealing Devil himself is proof of my undeniable talent!
kazuma: What, your talent for fumbling underwear? 
kazuma: Also... You've failed to notice something important.
chris: Huh?
kazuma: Hehehe...
chris: A-aaagh! Kazuma... Wh-what's that in your hands?
kazuma: Hahahahahaha! You should've been paying more attention! I got your underwear, too!
chris: Wait a minute! Surely you don't think you won? We both got each other's underwear, so it's a tie, right?
kazuma: What nonsense is this? I obviously won this contest.
chris: Huh? Why?
kazuma: Think about it. Men's underwear or women's underwear... Which is more valuable?
kazuma: A pile of men's underwear is nothing but garbage... 
kazuma: But! To some, a woman's panties are a real treasure!
chris: That makes no sense! They both have the same value! 
chris: Ugh. Just saying that makes me sad...
chris: Hey, can we shelve this contest for a bit? 
chris: We should return each other's underwear, too...
kazuma: I don't need it.
chris: Huh?
kazuma: I don't need my underwear back. You can keep it. 
kazuma: Yours, though... You want yours back?
chris: *Gasp* I-I said no such thing! If I ask for them back, I'd be admitting defeat!
kazuma: That's fine. I'll head on home then. I'm going to build myself a little shrine for these.
chris: Kazuma? What kind of nonsense is this now?
kazuma: What'll it be, Chris? Should I go ahead and build a shrine to your panties?
chris: P-please don't...
kazuma: I'll even let people come see them! I'll sell tickets! 
kazuma: I wonder how much these'll make me? Hahahaha!
chris: Noooo! Stop it! I surrender! You win this one, okay?
chris: Just... Just... 
chris: Give me back my panties!
ナレーション: Chris got her panties back, but the peaceful days she knew before she met Kazuma would never return...
