Chris - P4
chris: That Kazuma! He went and pilfered another pair of my you-know-whats.
chris: I never should have taught him Steal... 
chris: Though, he HAS saved the day with it time and again.
chris: But why do my panties always end up filched?
chris: The item stolen is determined by the user's luck, 
chris: but this sort of frequency is hardly a fluke!
melissa: Venting your Kazuma troubles, I see.
chris: M-Melissa?
melissa: Your expression says it all. He purloined another pair.
chris: You had to say it, didn't you? "Another." 
chris: Ugh, this is humiliating, especially for a veteran thief.
chris: Regularly being stripped of my most 
chris: intimate possession is making me doubt my thieving abilities.
melissa: In other words, you'd be able to best Kazuma in a Steal showdown so long as 
melissa: your underwear stays, well, under.
chris: I...guess? Yeah.
melissa: In that case, I'll teach you a little trick to Steal-proof those panties.
chris: You will? What is it?!
melissa: It's simple, really. Don't wear any to begin with. 
melissa: Kazuma can't steal what isn't there.
chris: G-Go commando?! Me? T-That's ridiculous! 
chris: No way!
melissa: Eh. Seemed like a better alternative to me. 
melissa: Then how about raising your luck?
chris: My luck? How?
melissa: By using this magic ring I stole off a noble last night— 
melissa: Er, 
melissa: which happened to find its way to me last night. By pure chance. Yep.
chris: Wait, you stole it?
melissa: Of course not. 
melissa: In any case, wear this luck-enhancing ring 
melissa: and your panties are sure to stay on your person.
chris: A magic item, huh? Almost feels like cheating... 
chris: No, in matters of lingerie, anything goes!
chris: Thanks, Melissa. The next time Kazuma and I have ourselves 
chris: a Steal-off, I'll show him who's boss!
melissa: Good luck out there. I'll be rooting for you. 
melissa: Oh, and when your little showdown is over, do give the ring back.
ナレーション: Unbeknownst to Melissa and Chris, a mysterious figure was eavesdropping from behind a nearby pillar...
mitsurugi: A showdown? And the stakes are...a woman's undergarments? 
mitsurugi: What madness is this?
mitsurugi: Though interrupting single combat runs contrary to my knightly sensibilities, 
mitsurugi: this foul scoundrel must be stopped!
chris: Kazuma! Today's the day I prove, once and for all, 
chris: that my Steal skills are superior!
kazuma: This again? Do we have to? I just schooled you yesterday. 
kazuma: ...Or could it be that you actually get a kick out of losing your panties?
chris: Oh, shut your gob! Losing to an idiot like you 
chris: is infuriating!
chris: Today, you're gonna learn that you messed with the wrong thief! Hehehe.
kazuma: Huh? What's that? Get a new ring or something?
chris: It's a secret. Now, let's get this show on the road! 
chris: Steal!
kazuma: Hey, gimme a warning at least! 
kazuma: Steal!
mitsurugi: Out of the way, m'lady!
chris: Whoa! M-Mitsurugi? What are you doing here?
mitsurugi: Are you okay? I heard that Kazuma Satou was after your most intimate of articles... I could not ignore such villainy. 
mitsurugi: Huh? What is that you're holding?
chris: I-It looks like...Kazuma's wallet! Yippee! 
chris: I finally won!
kazuma: Heh. Oh, it's far too early to celebrate—for in my hand 
kazuma: I hold these silky soft and still pleasantly warm...
chris: P-Panties? No, wait, I'm still wearing mine. 
chris: Ha! Take another look. You're not holding MY underwear.
kazuma: Huh?
mitsurugi: You dare unclothe a knight!? There are no limits to your deviance, Kazuma Satou!
kazuma: Gaaaaaagh! Why am I clutching this bozo's briefs?!  
mitsurugi: Give them back this instant! They aren't your...playthings! 
mitsurugi: Ahem. I'm glad you're unscathed, m'lady. 
mitsurugi: My smallclothes are honored to have had the privilege to save yours.
chris: I don't think underwear has an opinion either way, but okay.
kazuma: After Aqua purifies my hand Create Water, I'll get Megumin to explode this vile cloth into ash!
mitsurugi: Halt, Kazuma Satou! Where are you going? I demand you return my underwear this instant! 
chris: I'm not sure if the ring really worked, but my underwear's safe, and I've got Kazuma's wallet. 
chris: Sounds like a win to me!
ナレーション: In spite of events taking an unexpected turn, Chris finally claimed her long-sought victory.
