Wiz - P2
ナレーション: As usual, Wiz was tending to her magic item shop, which was once again devoid of customers...
wiz: *Sigh* Why do people never come to our shop?
wiz: We have so many wonderful items...
banil: Hey, birdbrain. You've been worrying about your weight, but last night you were eating a bunch of snacks...
wiz: Ah! How did you know about that? Do you have clairvoyance or something?
banil: It was a trick question. I know you and your little habits all too well!
wiz: Hmph! You're so rude...
banil: Mwahahahaha! Your agony is so delicious. 
banil: Well, good for a snack at least.
wiz: Please, Vanir! Stop picking on me!
banil: While I do enjoy this so, I'm not just here to tease you.
banil: I have a question: What happened to all the potions that I ordered the other day?
wiz: What potions?
banil: The ones that came in the wooden crate.
wiz: Oh, those! Don't worry, I sold them all to Aqua.
wiz: We just got them in, but you still sold them at half off. You really are sweet sometimes!
banil: I see, I see... I guess you are capable of actually being useful at times.
wiz: V-Vanir? Why are you staring at me like that?
banil: Did you really think those potions were vitamin supplements?
wiz: Huh? You mean that's not what they were? Then the potions that Aqua bought were...
banil: Poison. Instant death poison.
wiz: Eek! Wh-wh-what should we do? Poor Aqua might—
aqua: Wiz, we need to talk!
aqua: About those potions that I bought earlier... What was in them?
wiz: Lady Aqua! A-are you all right?
aqua: No, I'm not all right! I drank one and ended up on the toilet all day. Were they spoiled?
wiz: I'm sorry! I'm so sorry! They, ah, weren't vitamin supplements at all...
aqua: What? What are you talking about?
aqua: And you, you masked fiend! What are you grinning about?
banil: Mwahahaha! Ahem, forgive me... 
banil: I commend your fortitude.
banil: It usually kills in an instant, but it only upset your stomach! Impressive as ever, pitiful priest.
aqua: Did you just call me pitiful?
wiz: Um, excuse me, you two...
banil: A real priest would have detected the poison before even taking a sip. 
banil: Maybe you took it as a laxative?
aqua: What? I'd purify the poison before I even noticed... Besides, goddesses don't get constipated!
wiz: P-please calm down...
aqua: Tell you what... How about you drink some water I purified? 
aqua: Of course, any demon that drinks it would be vaporized!
aqua: I may have gotten an upset stomach, but you'd melt! 
aqua: Pft! *Snicker*       
Aqua ＆ Vanir: ...
aqua: Sacred Exorcism!
banil: Fool! I'll simply discard this body! 
banil: Ah!
ナレーション: The moment Vanir's mask hit the ground, the ground beneath formed a new body...
wiz: H-hey! Please don't fight in the shop!
aqua: Hmph! Today is the day that I finally pulverize that vile mask with my holy might!
banil: Mwahahaha! You fool! Even if you destroy my mask, I shall live on!
aqua: Th-then you leave me no choice but to use my secret weapon.
wiz: P-please don't, Lady Aqua. Your secret weapon will purify me as well...
banil: Go ahead. Do it if you dare. Show me this weapon, you pathetic priest!
wiz: Um, p-please stop—
aqua: In that case... Take this, you masked freak! Sacred Turn Undead!
wiz: Eeeeeeeeek! 
wiz: I'm vanishing! I'm vanishing! I'm just an innocent shopkeeper!
banil: Mwahahaha! Your torment is exquisite, pathetic shopkeeper! 
banil: But I must go...before this shop disappears with its owner!
aqua: Hey! Get back here! Accept your divine punishment!
wiz: Vanir is so cruel... *Sob*
ナレーション: It took three days for Wiz to return to her usual self.
