Wiz - P1
ナレーション: One day, Wiz was tending to her magic item shop, despite its usual lack of customers.
wiz: Gee, nobody's coming in today.
banil: Well then, how about you go out and advertise the shop, or at least give me a hand here?
wiz: Right, sorry! 
wiz: We need to restock the shelves. 
wiz: Oh! Maybe we should put out some new items!
banil: That silly girl... How many times have I told her to consult with me about new products?
wiz: There we go! Here's our newest offering!
banil: It appears to be a ring. What does it do?
wiz: Well, sometimes you feel pretty down and dreary, right? Everything comes out negative, and you're a drag on everyone?
wiz: This ring is a lifesaver for those times! It'll stop you from saying anything negative!
banil: I see... So it has some sort of enchantment to make people more positive, eh?
wiz: Er, not exactly. If someone says something negative while wearing it, it...explodes.
wiz: So if you say something like, "difficult," or "lonely"...
banil: Ungh...
wiz: *Cough cough* 
wiz: You see, it explodes right then and there. You'll definitely be more careful with your words!
wiz: What do you think? Pretty amazing, right?
banil: *Groan*\n
wiz: Hm? Vanir, what's the problem? You're kinda scary when you get that look...
wiz: Eeek! *Cough cough*
wiz: S-so you see, after a few blasts like this, the trauma will teach you to refrain from saying negative things!
wiz: An item that keeps you positive all the time is a real treasure, isn't it?
banil: Hmph. I think I just learned two valuable facts.
banil: First, that ring is worthless in this store. And second... 
banil: You truly are a terrible shopkeeper!
wiz: Oh, Vanir. You say such harsh—
banil: Mwahahahaha! 
banil: It detects complaints, too! What an incredible item!
banil: An incredible item... That's not going on our shelves!
wiz: B-but... I know it'll be a hit! 
wiz: Vanir, we never see things eye-to-eye. It makes me sad.
wiz: *Cough* Ahahaha... 
wiz: That was an accident...
banil: You understand what I mean, right? We can't sell that ring, under any circumstances.
wiz: *Sob* I understand.
banil: Now, I'll clean up the mess you made out here. Put that thing in storage where nobody'll find it.
wiz: *Sigh* I was sure it'd be a huge hit...
banil: You'd better hush while carrying that box. Don't want them to blow up in your face.
wiz: You don't have to worry about that. I know I slipped up, but—
wiz: Gyaaaaah! And I just warned myself, too!
banil: Not only that, but you've gone and blown up the potions that I just got in!
wiz: But I didn't say anything negative. How did this happen?
banil: You said that you "slipped up" before.
wiz: Um... Vanir? Why do you look like you're about to use your Death Ray on me?
banil: You ruined every last one of these top-quality potions that practically sell themselves. And I bought them in bulk...
banil: Are you trying to drown us in a sea of red ink?
wiz: I'm sorry! I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to... Just don't use your Death Ray on—
banil: Silence, fool!
wiz: Waaaaaah!
ナレーション: Wiz spent much of the night cleaning up the shop. It took three days for her to return to normal.
