Wiz - P4
wiz: *Sigh* Oh, what to do...?
Amy: Hi, Wiz. I brought today's stock of vegeta—
Amy: You're looking rather glum. Is something the matter?
banil: Because of a pitiful shopkeeper's ineptitude in balancing a checkbook, we haven't the Eris to pay this month's rent.
Amy: Oh dear...
wiz: W-We don't have it YET...
wiz: But we will—thanks to this new product!
banil: ...And what, pray tell, is it exactly?
wiz: Hehe, this one's the real thing. It just came in last 
wiz: night. This magic item has the power to—
banil: Vanir's Death Ray!
wiz: A
wiz: AAAAAAGH!
Amy: Wiz!
kazuma: Heya, Vanir around? ...Oh. 
kazuma: Bad time...?
wiz: *Sob* 
wiz: You didn't even hear me out! I swear this one 
wiz: was a great idea!
Amy: Oh, it's all right, Wiz. I'll stroke your precious head 
Amy: and—there. All better?
kazuma: The store. It's burnt. What useless contraption did you buy to 
kazuma: incur Vanir's wrath this time?
banil: That one isn't worth your comforting. Because 
banil: of her, we don't have any inventory worth selling.
Amy: They don't have the money to pay this month's rent.
kazuma: Really? Your finances are that bad?
wiz: They truly are. *Sob*
wiz: Kazuma, you must have some scheme for quick money. Whatever I propose will be shot down by Vanir.
kazuma: Hmm... Hey, how's this? 
kazuma: You can't sell the items in the 
kazuma: shop, right? Then sell something else!
Amy: Might this have anything to do with the establishments that Dust frequents? Ones offering...special services?
kazuma: Oh this particular service IS special. Very special. 
wiz: Wha-Wha-Whaaaaaa...?! 
wiz: Wh-What kind of "special"?!
kazuma: Come one, come all—and take a well-deserved rest, my weary 
kazuma: adventurer brethren! You there, no cutting!
banil: All of Axel's male adventurers, lining up down the block... And all for this, er...
banil: "Ear cleaning" service? While the patrons rest their heads 
banil: on Wiz and Amy's laps, no less. Color me impressed.
wiz: There, there. I understand an adventurer's many trials and 
wiz: tribulations. You're safe here with me. 
Male Adventurer A: I've never felt such enveloping comfort!
Amy: Don't work yourself too hard, sweetie.
Amy: Okay?
Male Adventurer B: No, I quite think I will! Because then I can come back here—TO YOU!!!
kazuma: If you can't sell stuff...sell a service. And we're in the 
kazuma: service of selling dreams—to affection-starved adventurers.
Male Adventurer A: 'S-'Scuse me, but can I lie face down? I'll pay extra.
wiz: Face down? Are you sure? Wouldn't it be hard to breathe?
Male Adventurer A: Even better! If I can die of sweet asphyxiation in your lap, it'd be a happy death!
wiz: S-Sir?!
kazuma: Look at the sheer bliss on these faces, Vanir. This is the expression of...healing.
banil: Is that what you call this highly unappetizing emotion? 
banil: Still, so many people, in spite of the steep price...
kazuma: I guarantee they'll be back for seconds. I am 
kazuma: surprised at how many chose the deluxe course though.
wiz: I'd never have guessed the demand for something so simple. 
wiz: But I guess cleaning your own ears can be tough.
kazuma: What our customers are after isn't ear hygiene, 
kazuma: technically speaking. Ah, nevermind. 
wiz: Thanks for helping today, Amy. We really owe you.
Amy: Don't mention it. I'm grateful you stock my 
Amy: produce here. It's only decent I return the favor.
Amy: Besides, Mia won't let me clean her ears lately. It was nice 
Amy: to pamper someone again.
wiz: Well, tomorrow's another big day!
kazuma: Keep this up and paying rent at the bottom of your worries. 
wiz: I'm of the same mind...which is why I purchased this special ear pick. You'll love what it can do—
banil: Wait. What now? That bizarrely flamboyant tool is something 
banil: you bought just now?
wiz: Yep. With this, the earwax practically scoops itself out. Try it out!
wiz: There's a tiny downside... It removes memories along with the ear wax, resulting in a pretty forgetful day.
kazuma: That's not tiny! At all!
kazuma: ...And how much did it cost?
wiz: Only around...all of today's revenue.
banil: HAAAH!!!
wiz: Yeeeeeeeeek!
kazuma: I feel sorry for you, Vanir. I really do.
ナレーション: Letting Wiz expand her business was clearly far too risky. Luckily, Vanir scraped enough together to pay the rent.
