Yunyun - P3
ナレーション: During a rare quiet moment at the guild, a solitary figure sat playing a board game...
ynyn: You were only thinking about your next move. If I place my piece right here, I'll easily take the lead.
ynyn: N-no fair! 
ynyn: Wait, there's got to be a way out!
ynyn: Hehehe, ponder all you like. You'll give up in the end.
ynyn: Grr... There has to be a way...
dust: Yo! Is playing that game by yourself any fun?
ynyn: Eep!
ynyn: I-it's not like I don't have anyone to play with, you know?! I just had some free time and wanted to practice, so...
dust: Oh, that's great news. She's got some free time, Rin.
lean: Perfect! There was a favor I wanted to ask you!
ynyn: A favor?
lean: Keith and Taylor ate something funny, so they're both out of commission. 
lean: I was hoping to find someone to go in their place.
ynyn: Uh, are you... 
ynyn: Are you asking me to go on a quest with you?
dust: Well, I asked Kazuma, but he said he's busy. 
dust: And the friend of a friend is a friend, right? 
dust: I'm counting on you!
ynyn: The friend of a friend is a friend? That means if I become friends with Dust, then I'll be friends with Kazuma, too...
ynyn: And because Kazuma and Megumin are also friends, I'll be able to say I'm friends with Megumin!
lean: We don't want to force you to do it. 
lean: I know we're lower level than you, and might slow you down, but—
ynyn: Let's get going! Please let me go with you!
dust: Fantastic! My pockets have been kinda light lately!
lean: Dust, be sure not to throw your share away at the casino. You have to pay me back first, got it?
dust: C'mon, at least let me double or triple it first!
lean: Nope. That kind of thinking is why people call you trash.
ynyn: Th-they really are friends! They'll say even the harshest truths to each other without hesitation!
lean: Anyway, let me first say thanks for helping us out. 
lean: And forget about what you just heard, okay?
ynyn: N-no problem! I'm a friend of a friend, after all! It's the least I could do!
ynyn: Time to begin Operation Friend of a Friend! I'll show them my true talent and get both of them to like me!
dust: Crap! It's a drake!
lean: Hey! You're our vanguard, so don't even think of running!
ynyn: I'll handle this! Light of Saber!
dust: Whoa, that was cool.
lean: That's the Crimson Demon Clan for you! Even advanced magic is a breeze for them.
dust: Hehehe! I can finally take it easy with her around. 
dust: Hm? Did you hear something?
lean: It's a goblin horde! 
lean: Dust, fend them off and buy us time!
dust: Y-you must be joking!
ynyn: It's okay! I can work just fine at this range! 
ynyn: Cursed Lightning!
dust: Yikes, that was wicked... She one-shotted 'em all! 
dust: Hell yeah!
lean: She's a real live Crimson Demon arch wizard...
ynyn: Whew, are you two all right? Any injuries?
ynyn: I think I offered solid support in that fight, so if we keep this up, we should become friends!
lean: I'm sorry, Yunyun.
ynyn: Oh, there's no need to thank me... 
ynyn: Wait, did you say sorry?
lean: Your level is way too high for adventurers like us. It was wrong to make you go on such an easy quest.
ynyn: I-it was wrong? Please, I'm—
lean: I mean, you'll barely get any experience from this quest. We didn't do anything to earn our share of the reward.
ynyn: Don't worry about it! It's really okay! 
ynyn: I mean, we're f-friends—
dust: See? She doesn't mind, and she'll make it easy for us, too. 
dust: You won't say no to some easy money, right?
lean: We can't just use her like that! What kind of friends would we be if we didn't boost our levels to match hers?
lean: Yunyun, we're really sorry for making you do this. 
lean: We'll invite you out again once we're at your level!
ynyn: Huh? Wait, what?!
lean: Okay, let's head back to Axel!
dust: *Sigh* I really hope that Keith and Taylor are back on their feet again tomorrow.
ynyn: U-um...
lean: You want them to go on a quest right after they've been sick?! 
lean: You really are trash. It's true! As punishment, Yunyun and I will be splitting the rewards for this quest.
dust: H-hey! Gimme at least a little taste!
ynyn: I don't need a reward. I just wanted us to become friends!
ナレーション: It appeared that Operation Friend of a Friend was still a long way from success...
