Komekko - P4
ナレーション: Komekko, accompanied by Arue this time, had come to Axel for the day.
cecily: Act now and you'll get—yes! A bar of our famous edible soap! 
cecily: Just sign on the dotted line, right here!
komekko: Look, it's your friend.
arue: Yes, she seems rather immersed right now. We'd best leave her— Komekko
arue: ?
Adventurer A: Ah, you're trying to induct me into some wacky religion. Pass.
cecily: Please just listen for one moment! You'll love what you hear!
komekko: Littering is a no-no.
cecily: K-Komekko?
Adventurer A: I didn't want to. This shady priestess tried to make me join her hackneyed—
komekko: That's no excuse for littering. 
komekko: Now, pick it up. Here, I'll help.
Adventurer A: Y-Yeah, thanks. And sorry.
komekko: Don't forget to sign too.
Adventurer A: I—Okay, I'll sign. 
komekko: Doesn't it feel good to do the right thing?
Adventurer A: Heh, it's like I have a little sister. How cute! 
cecily: With her every word, he becomes more and more 
cecily: disarmed. I, no—WE must have her! 
cecily: Plus, 
cecily: she's so darn cute!
cecily: Komekko, dear. There's a place near here with the best jelly slime ever. Would you like me to treat you to some?
komekko: Wow, okay! Arue too.
cecily: But of course. Anything to better spread the good word.
arue: Amazing. Komekko hooked everyone she talked to, no matter their initial resistance. How many was that, by the way?
cecily: So many! It's a miracle. Tonight I'll throw a jelly slime 
cecily: party just for you, sweetie!
komekko: Yay, jelly slimes!
cecily: I was correct. Her devious powers will further the reaches 
cecily: of our hallowed faith. Plus, she's so darn— Ahem.
cecily: Komekko, what do you say to visiting another church with me tomorrow? They'll stuff you silly too.
komekko: I like the sound of that. I'm in!
cecily: If we steal people coming for the Eris bread handouts, 
cecily: their inductee numbers are sure to tank! Plus, free food.
arue: How exciting! It's as if we're writing the plot to our 
arue: own evil scheme. 
cecily: Megumin! *Pant pant* 
cecily: Thank the goddess I found you.
megumin: Cecily? Is there an emergency?
cecily: "Emergency" is an understatement. Komekko has gone and 
cecily: been stolen by someone else!
megumin: Stolen...? THE HECK?!
intensiveLine: 　　　
megumin: 　　
megumin: What's that mean? I heard from Arue that she was helping you, but to do what? WHAT DID YOU DO, WOMAN?!
megumin: What have you done to her? MY SWEET LITTLE SISTER WHO CAN DO NO WRONG?!
cecily: 　
megumin: 　　
cecily: B-Bones...shattering... Please...let go...
megumin: Oops! 
megumin: My apologies. My emotions overtook me. Regardless, you will answer my questions!
cecily: It's faster if I show you. 
cecily: Come with me. But be warned, 
cecily: what you're about to see...may scar you for life.
megumin: No... NO! 
megumin: KOMEKKOOOOOO!!!
Eris Follower: Here you go, sweetie. Our standard handout of bread—plus a salmon rice ball, just for you.
komekko: Thanks a bunch! 
komekko: *Nom nom* 
komekko: Mmm, tasty!
Eris Follower: Hehe... We're happy that you're happy.
megumin: Cecily?
cecily: Isn't it horrid?! 
megumin: It looks like she's simply partaking of the church's free food. And it's much better than the standard Axis fare.
cecily: Indeed! It's a tragedy to the highest degree! 
cecily: Your dear little sister, exploited by those Eris phonies!
Town Resident A: Why that child's smile could light up the night sky! All thanks to the loving Eris followers!
Town Resident B: They are an inspiration. Please, allow me to help as well. There is no greater honor to be had!
cecily: Oh, Komekko! You are the brightest jewel of all the Axis treasures! 
cecily: And only one deserves the right to coddle you—me!
megumin: Uh, I should have you arrested for sister-stealing! I'm not 
megumin: giving her to you or the Axis church, okay?
komekko: Hiya, sis. Just had lunch, thanks to these folks. Boy, they sure are friendly!
megumin: How nice. Remember your manners and be sure to say thank 
megumin: you. They're cut from much better cloth than Cecily here...
cecily: Not you too, Megumin! Eris followers are nothing but swindlers and thieves!
cecily: These cockroaches have bereaved me of my precious sisters. 
cecily: And there's only one way to deal with pests... Extermination!
megumin: Um, I'm pretty sure the only sisters here are Komekko and me...
komekko: Eris Order or Axis Order, it doesn't matter to me so long 
komekko: as I get to eat lots of free food. Can I have seconds?!
