Komekko - P2
megumin: Komekko, don't run off like that!
komekko: Oops! I'll walk off next time.
megumin: You're missing the point... You're missing my grand tour of the town.
komekko: Fine. I'll stay in place. 
komekko: Ooh what's that yummy smell?
megumin: ...Kids. Ahem. 
megumin: This is Axel's most bustling hub of commerce. You can buy most anything here. 
megumin: Huh? 
megumin: Komekko?
komekko: Now THAT looks yummy. *Drool* Say, Mister, what 
komekko: kinda meat ya got there?
Old Street Vendor: You've never had skewered blood fang before, little lady? That won't do. Care for a bite?
komekko: I would care for many! 
komekko: But I can't. I don't have even one Eris. Mommy and Daddy are sick and my sister works so hard...
Old Street Vendor: I see. Life dealt you a tough hand. But you won't be going hungry on my watch, you sweet angelic bundle, you! Here!
komekko: Thanks, Mister! 
komekko: *Chomp chomp*
komekko: Yum! 
komekko: ...I just wish Mommy and Daddy could try even one bite.
Old Street Vendor: What a caring little girl. A fledgling saint! Here, take some for your parents, you cherubic wonder!
megumin: Komekko, what in crimson blazes are you doing over here?
komekko: Stuffing myself silly. Look, I even got extra.
komekko: Say, sis, I'm hankering for another free meal.
megumin: Your stomach is on par with a giant toad's. It's baffling. 
megumin: And that meal WASN'T free—I paid, I'll have you know.
komekko: You're a star, sis. So responsible.
megumin: Y-You think so? Well, naturally, seeing as I am the adult here! Now, to our next destination we traverse!
megumin: When weary adventurers return from the field, they seek 
megumin: relief, repose, and recreation...here, at the theater!
megumin: Though we take most of our meals at the guild, the theater also serves food and drink.
komekko: Did you say..."food"?
lean: Hey, you two. Are you here to eat? 
megumin: No, Komekko is getting a grand tour of the town. What business have you here?
dust: We just pocketed a quest reward 
dust: and I'm ready to live it up!
lean: And I'm ready for it to disappear after we pay for lunch...and Dust's staggering tab.
komekko: "Tab." 
komekko: Isn't that the thing lazy dumb-dumbs use?
lean: Exactly. You're sharp as a tack, aren't you, Komekko?
dust: Try dull as a rock! I'm kind of a big deal 'round here. 
dust: Kids wouldn't understand.
dust: Forget the tab, let's chow down! Being the town's hero works up an appetite, you know.
komekko: Chow...down... *Drool*
dust: You hungry too? There's enough fried chicken for 
dust: everyone to share.
komekko: Thanks! *Chomp chomp*
dust: Slow down, kid. You'll choke if you're not careful. Let's get some juice to wash that down.
megumin: His manner is almost...brotherly...?
lean: It's hard to believe, I know. But he's actually pretty good at caring for others. 
komekko: Uh oh! I forgot—Sis said no free stuff. 
komekko: How much do I owe?
dust: You think I'd charge a little kid? 
dust: C'mon.
komekko: Wow! You're so nice and handsome, Dust!
dust: Haha! You finally understand what makes me, Dust, so great. Eat up as much as you want!
komekko: Okey dokey! Gee, Dust, you're really just the best. I bet you're 
komekko: a real hit with the ladies.
dust: Flattery will get you nowhere with me. 'Scuse me! Your best 
dust: cut of steak. For the kid, if you would.
lean: Uh, forgetting something, Dust? ...Like the tab?
megumin: It's not entirely his fault. He's getting played 
megumin: like a fiddle. Way to go, little sis.
komekko: The hero of Axel, Dust! Say, mind if I order a smoke lizard burger?
dust: Go right ahead. You name it, I'll get it.
ナレーション: Komekko's ability to manipulate others inspired both fear and awe in Megumin.
