Komekko - P1
ナレーション: On a quest with her little sister in tow, Megumin was much more motivated than usual...
megumin: Our final challenge is nigh, dear sister. But no matter the 
megumin: size of the bristling forest hordes, their fate is but one!
megumin: Watch and learn, Komekko, as our clan's foremost spellcaster turns the enemy to chaff with the most superior magic! 
komekko: Yeah, Sis! Go, go!
kazuma: Pray tell, what enemies have you "turned to dust" so far? Megumin's only got one shot in her chamber. 
aqua: Aw, she's got her little sis with her. Be nice for at least one day, Kazuma! 
aqua: After all, I'm putting up with THAT.
horst: Make me fight all your battles, then throw me to the curb, will you?!
komekko: Down, boy! No talking back!
horst: Do I look like a DOG to you? And another thing— 
horst: when summoning demons, it's customary to have a sacrifice.
komekko: Boy, you sure are demanding! 
komekko: Fine, I'll throw you a drumstick bone later, okay?
horst: Just the stinkin' BONE?
darkness: Komekko's got quite the hold on Hoost.
megumin: Naturally. She's my little sister. She's already a force to be reckoned with.
megumin: Just remember—this is about the great Crimson Demon Clan. The demon can stay, but no spotlights.
kazuma: Gee, someone's desperate for attention...
megumin: Explosion!
darkness: Those tremors could be felt back in Axel.
megumin: Hehehe. Get a load of that, Komekko? Nothing can compare to 
megumin: the blaze of devastation... 
megumin: your sister...commands...
komekko: You're the best, big sis!
Dire Bunny: *Hippity hop*
kazuma: One got away! Careful, guys!
komekko: Megumin's in trouble!
megumin: Stay back, Komekko! It's too dangerous!
horst: Inferno!
Dire Bunny: *Hippity*
kazuma: Where once was a bunny lay only a small patch of singed grass.
komekko: Hehehe! Behold my might and quake!
horst: Uh, that's MY might, which you're darn lucky to have.
komekko: Hehe, appreciated!
megumin: Ungh...
darkness: Well, despite a few obstacles, we can consider this another successful endeavor.
aqua: Three cheers for Megumin and Komekko!
megumin: *Sigh*
komekko: Why do you look sad, sis? 
megumin: I was trying to show-off the breathtaking awesomeness of your older sister. But instead... if not for Hoost—
komekko: You were the SUPER coolest! Nothing beats Explosion magic! 
komekko: I have the awesomest sister ever, okay?
megumin: R-Really? Or, I mean, haha! Yes! 
megumin: Well said, little sis!
megumin: Your awesome older sister is going to treat you with today's reward!
komekko: Really? 
komekko: I can order something that's NOT water?!
megumin: But of course.
kazuma: You're kidding. No one's THAT tragically destitute... 
kazuma: Wait, no. I've triggered some traumatic flashbacks.
darkness: What's the matter, Kazuma? You seem troubled.
aqua: Pft! *Snicker* Bwahahaha! He's traumatized because 
aqua: when this dolt first arrived in town—
kazuma: Do I need to remind you who was with me?! 
komekko: Your friends are funny! Say, can I bring Hoost too?
megumin: Sure. I suppose this would be as good a time as any to relay my thanks for saving you.
megumin: Just so you know... Demons aren't your only source of protection. You can count on me, too.
komekko: I know! I love ya, sis!
