Cecily - P1
ナレーション: Cecily was arguing with a resident of Axel out in front of his home...
cecily: Oh, what a horrible fate! To be living in such an evil-looking place...
cecily: Do you hear strange knocks at night? Do you find yourself tired for no reason? Are there strange happenings afoot?
Resident: Uh, not especially, no...
cecily: All right, then! Do you find yourself out of breath after jogging for hours? Do you get hungry when you don't eat?
Resident: W-well, I suppose so, but that's perfectly normal...
cecily: Aha! I knew it! There's definitely no mistaking it now... 
cecily: That much is for certain!
cecily: To put it bluntly... This house is haunted by evil spirits. You'll die in seven days if you don't do something about it.
Resident: Huh?
cecily: Did you hear what I said? If you stay here, you'll die in five days!
Resident: I thought you said it was seven!
cecily: Ah, so you did hear what I said. At any rate... 
cecily: You have but one path before you!
cecily: And that is to join the Order of Axis immediately! You don't wish to hasten your end, do you?
cecily: It just so happens that I have an application form with me. 
cecily: Go on, sign here. 
cecily: Time is of the essence!
Resident: I thought you seemed off. You're with the Order of Axis, eh? We're devout followers of Eris! Leave us alone!
cecily: F-f-fine! 
cecily: You heretics of the Eris faith are doomed to misery... Your deaths will come in the next three days!
cecily: This is your last chance to convert to the Order of Axis! 
cecily: I'll even throw in two bottles of Arcanretian holy water!
cecily: Act now, and I'll include a grape jelly slime—
Resident: No thanks!
cecily: Such an overreaction! Eris's followers can be so rude. 
cecily: We must rid this town of them if we're to have peace!
cecily: Hear me, people of Axel! The person living in this house is a criminal, and is planning to set off a bomb!
Resident: Hey, stop spreading rumors about me!
？？？: I thought I heard a commotion. And of course, it's Cecily...
kazuma: Hey, Aqua. Your followers are causing trouble again.
aqua: What do you mean, causing trouble? She's just spreading the good word of our faith!
kazuma: Um, I think it's having the opposite effect...
cecily: I'm sure that the residents here will be joining the Order of Axis in no time.
cecily: Wow, doing good deeds really works up an appetite!
cecily: Oh, that's right! They're passing out bread at the Eris Church today. I should get some!
Eris Follower A: It's her! It's the Axis priestess! Everyone, protect the bread!
cecily: How can you treat me with such hostility? I suppose it's to be expected from followers of Eris.
Eris Follower B: Look who's talking! You stole all the bread we were giving out just last week!
kazuma: The Order of Axis again, huh? How much trouble can they cause in a single day?
Eris Follower B: This bread is for those who are devoted to our Lady Eris! We won't let the followers of Axis—
cecily: Gotcha!
Eris Follower A: Hey! She's taken the entire bag! Don't let her get away! Somebody, stop her!
cecily: Eeek! These strange men are chasing me!
cecily: I guess that's what my sheer beauty does, though... My looks should be a sin, being such a gorgeous priestess—
Eris Follower B: No, it's because you stole our bread! Now drop it, and never come around here again!
cecily: Forget it! This bread is mine now!
cecily: The sweet and lovely priestess finds herself plagued by hunger... You should be happy to provide her sustenance!
Eris Follower A: You can't be serious! I won't let you get away!
cecily: Eeeeeek! Good people of Axel! The Eris faith is a wicked band of thugs who attack innocent women!
cecily: They really are crude and barbaric, aren't they? 
cecily: If you wish to join a faith, the Order of Axis is the one!
Eris Follower B: She's both besmirching our faith and proselytizing her own, all as she steals our bread! What a degenerate!
cecily: You can join our cause at your local church! We of the Order of Axis welcome you with open arms!
cecily: Lady Aqua, are you watching over me? *Munch munch* 
cecily: Once again, I sure showed them!
kazuma: Stealing not just bread, but charity bread of all things? What the heck are you teaching your followers?
aqua: They're simply acting on their own to show their extreme devotion to me!
kazuma: That's not what I'm talking about.
kazuma: As their goddess, doesn't it hurt you to see them performing such evil acts, especially in your name?
aqua: What are you talking about, Kazuma? It's the total opposite!
aqua: One of my precious followers just scored a victory against the Eris faith. It makes me proud to be her goddess!
kazuma: With a goddess like you, I see where your followers get it. 
kazuma: I think I'll give the Order of Axis a pass.
