Cecily - P2
ナレーション: Cecily was out for a cheerful stroll, posting leaflets for her church...
cecily: Listen up, everyone! The benevolent Order of Axis wants you! Join the Order of Axis today!
cecily: If you act now, you can speak with this beautiful priestess and receive her personal blessing!
megumin: Hm? I know her...
megumin: I really don't feel like dealing with her right now... I'll just pass quietly into the crowd.
cecily: Hm? What's this? *Sniff sniff* 
cecily: I know that smell...
cecily: It's coming from over there!
megumin: Ugh...
cecily: Aha! I knew it was you, Megumin! 
cecily: Did you miss me so much you came looking for me?
megumin: Not at all! In fact, I was trying to hide from you!
cecily: Oh, come on. I know you were hoping that I'd find you. You're so adorable, you little siren, you.
megumin: S-siren? Um... Could you not call me that please? 
megumin: Especially not in public!
cecily: I'm sorry. It's just that it's been so long... I was so happy to see you again.
cecily: Anyway, now that you're here... It's a great time to join the Order of Axis!
megumin: Absolutely not!
cecily: *Sigh* Having both a beautiful priestess and a saucy little arch wizard would attract so many new followers...
megumin: ...
cecily: Stop staring at me like that. It's giving me chills.
megumin: I'm not staring!
megumin: I'm not getting roped into another conversation with you. I'm getting out of here.
cecily: No, wait! You can't leave yet! 
cecily: There's something I want you to see!
megumin: You've got a serious grip! Fine, fine... Lemme go and I'll take a look. What is it, anyway?
cecily: My magnificent, priestly form, of course!
megumin: Priestly?
cecily: That's right. For a pious priestess to spread the word of her faith far and wide... 
cecily: You need devotion!
cecily: Now, gaze upon my beautiful, priestly body!
cecily: Oh, I'm getting dizzy!
megumin: She just collapsed. What's she up to?
Resident A: A-are you all right?
cecily: It's awful! Th-the pain is too much... Surely I'm dying!
Resident B: Oh, no! Someone call an adventurer who knows recovery magic!
cecily: I'll be fine, I just need a sip of holy water... 
cecily: Look! All better!
cecily: You see, this holy water is free for everyone who joins the benevolent Order of Axis!
cecily: I've got applications right here! Act now, and we'll even throw in a grape jelly slime!
cecily: Don't wait 'till it's too late! Join the Order of Axis today!
cecily: Here you are! Take as many as you need...
cecily: Don't be shy! Here's one for you, ma'am!
cecily: Signing this application is sure to brighten your mood and put a spring in your step, yes indeed! 
cecily: Ah! 
cecily: Ah! 
cecily: Ah! 
megumin: Wow, look at her move. Everyone's taking applications.
Resident C: Hm, what's this? Some religious nonsense? Bah, whatever.
Resident D: Whew, this is just what I needed. I think my nose is starting to run...
Resident E: Oh, perfect! The gum I was chewing just ran out of flavor!
megumin: And they're throwing them away just as fast...
cecily: What do you think, Megumin? I've got a talent for handing out leaflets, right?
megumin: Most people treated 'em like garbage. Look, the trash is overflowing with them.
cecily: That's a good thing! If the trash can is completely full, you have to keep them!
megumin: Gosh... You sure are positive, huh?
cecily: Now, Megumin! Come and help me hand out these leaflets!
megumin: What makes you think I want to help you with this?
cecily: There's no need to be afraid. It may seem hard at first, but I'm sure you're a natural!
cecily: Just think of it as giving your big sis a hand!
megumin: I don't have time for this. See ya!
cecily: Wait, Megumin! Please come back, just for a little bit! 
cecily: I need your help here!
cecily: Besides, it'll be the perfect opportunity for you to join the Order of Axis as well!
megumin: N-not gonna happen!
