Cecily - P4
ナレーション: Cecily, head of the Axel branch of the Order of Axis, was busy offering up her morning prayer...
cecily: Lady Goddess, I ask that you hear my prayers. I desire to convert more followers. I desire to eat more jelly slime.
cecily: I desire to live a life of ease. I desire to find a handsome hunk of a man who will dote on me. Oh, and I—
darkness: Cecily, do you have a moment?
cecily: Darkness? How can I help you?
cecily: *Gasp* Have you finally decided to accept the blessing of our goddess Aqua?! 
cecily: That's absolutely wonderful news!
darkness: Actually, I'm here to investigate reports of Axis followers stealing charity bread from members of the Eris Order.
cecily: Oh, Lady Aqua! Those Eris Order heretics are attempting to besmirch our good name with their filthy lies! Save us!
darkness: W-Wait! As a noble, it's my duty to protect the people. I'm just here to make sure 
darkness: no one is causing trouble.
cecily: This is clearly a misunderstanding! The Order of Axis has never once been involved in any such questionable activities!
cecily: Even now, I was in the middle of morning prayers. Would a praying priestess LIE TO YOU?! 
cecily: I think not!
darkness: A-A-All right! I understand! There's no need to stand so 
darkness: close! However, I must address the complaints.
darkness: I'm merely here to monitor you today. Once I confirm there  is nothing out of the ordinary, that'll be the end of it.
cecily: Hey, you there! You have the look of one with many worries weighing heavily on your soul!
Resident: Huh? No, actually I'm pretty—
cecily: There's no need to hide it! I can see it in your eyes! 
cecily: I hear your heart crying out in pain!
cecily: There is but one cure for your ailment. This is a long held secret, 
cecily: but since you insist!
Resident: Um, I didn't ask you to—
cecily: You see...
cecily: The answer to your problems is the Order of Axis! 
cecily: And it's so simple! Just sign this piece of paper!
cecily: Wouldn't you LOVE TO JOIN? 
cecily: Or perhaps...you have friends as well?!
Resident: Aaaaaahhh!
cecily: Tch, he got away.
darkness: Cecily, don't you think you came on a little strong?  He seemed quite alarmed. 
cecily: Of course not. Everything I do is for them. My desire to save them is all encompassing. My passion burns!
cecily: All right, now we must distribute bread to the 
cecily: less fortunate. I shall prepare. 
darkness: The Eris Order has been distributing bread for some time. It's nice to see the Axis Order has begun following suit. 
cecily: Ours is a smaller operation due to lack of funds, but when 
cecily: you lack in money, utilize your brains! That's the Axis way!
darkness: You continue to give to others, even when you yourself are struggling? 
darkness: That's a wonderful attitude to have.
Eris Follower: We have more than enough bread for all those in need! The Lady Eris cares for all!
cecily: All right. Target acquired!!!
cecily: 　　　　　
Eris Follower: Wha?! Wh-What are you doing?! Hey! Give that bread back!
cecily: Ahahaha! No self-respecting member of the Axis Order would ever simply give it back!
Eris Follower: A-Another Axis follower?! Leave us alone! That bread is meant for the hungry!
cecily: If that's so, then we have no problem! There so happens to be a hungry person right in front of you! 
cecily: Me! 
cecily: *Munch munch*
cecily: Don't you worry! I'll make sure to distribute this to all the less fortunate Axis followers in your stead! 
cecily: Thank you!
darkness: Wait, Cecily! And she's gone... A force of nature.
darkness: I've learned much today. It's no wonder there have been so many complaints lately.
darkness: But what should I do about it?
Girl: Waaah!
darkness: That sounds like a child. Is she lost?
cecily: There, there. Don't cry. What seems to be the matter?
Girl: *Sob* My mommy asked me to come buy bread, but I think I dropped the wallet somewhere along the way!
cecily: You need bread? Here, you can have mine. Will this 
cecily: be enough for your mommy?
Girl: Th-There's so much... Are you really giving this to me?
cecily: Of course I am. The Order of Axis has a saying: "Deny not your  
cecily: earthly desires."
cecily: "Drink when thirsty, and eat when you hunger. For tomorrow's meal is not guaranteed."
cecily: You see? There's no need for you to be shy.
Girl: Thank you, miss... Oh, but I don't have any money.
cecily: Some things are worth more than money. Like the smile on your face. 
Girl: Thank you! I'll go give this to my mommy right away!
cecily: Don't forget to tell your mommy that it was an amazingly beautiful sister of the Axis Order who came to your rescue!
Girl: Right! Thanks again, beautiful lady!
cecily: That's "amazingly" beautiful lady!
darkness: Cecily...
cecily: Oh, hi Darkness. Is something wrong? You're not hungry, are you?
cecily: Or did I say something strange?
darkness: Hehe. No, it's nothing. I'll speak with those filing the complaints and explain the Order of Axis is... well-intentioned.
cecily: That's right! I see you've finally realized just how great the Axis Order truly is!
cecily: So will you be converting now?!
darkness: I didn't say that...at all...
darkness: I do wish you could find perhaps a more peaceful way to help others.
cecily: I don't recall ever causing trouble for anyone...
cecily: I know!
cecily: I'll take bread from the Eris Order tomorrow without them knowing so they don't get so upset!
ナレーション: Darkness tried to explain, but to no avail. Cecily continued causing a stir wherever the Eris Order was involved...
