Arue - P2
ナレーション: Yunyun rushed off to see Arue, a letter clenched in her hand...
ynyn: Arue! I read your letter... What's this "terrible thing" that happened?
ynyn: The fact that you wrote to me... 
ynyn: It's like we're...friends! Here, I brought a present. I hope you like it!
arue: Wow, a whole roast pig!
ynyn: Hm? There's something different about you, Arue... I can't put my finger on it.
komekko: I'm sorry for calling you here, Yunyun.
ynyn: Huh?
ynyn: K...Komekko? What's wrong, Komekko? Why are you talking like Arue?
komekko: I am not Komekko.
komekko: I am Arue, the biggest and best of the Crimson Demons, and an aspiring author, too!
arue: I'm Komekko! Protector of my house, and top magical girl of the Crimson Demon Clan!
ynyn: Whaaaaaat?
komekko: The two of us somehow ended up swapping bodies. 
komekko: So actually, I am Arue... It is good to see you, Yunyun.
arue: Roast pig... Ahhh, I'm gonna help myself!
ynyn: W-wait a minute! You're really...?
ynyn: S-so, Komekko... Er, or should I say Arue? How did something like this happen, anyway?
komekko: Listen carefully, Yunyun. You see...
komekko: I accidentally bumped into Komekko, and we tumbled down a hill. We landed at the bottom—
komekko: And at that very moment, we were struck by lightning. That must've caused us to switch bodies.
ynyn: H-how can this even be possible?
komekko: As they say, truth can be stranger than fiction...
arue: This meat is incredible! *Munch munch* *Chomp chomp*
ynyn: A-actually, the way she's tearing into her food does remind me of Komekko...
komekko: *Sigh* It's been like this for a month now...
ynyn: Y-you've been like this for a whole month now? Why didn't you tell me earlier?!
komekko: We tried all kinds of methods to return us to normal... 
komekko: Eventually, we found something that should work.
komekko: To finish this, we need your assistance, Yunyun. Would you be willing to help us?
ynyn: Uh... This is kinda scary... 
ynyn: But I'll help you if I can.
ynyn: I mean... The three of us...we're...f-f-friends, right? 
ynyn: Yeah, you can count on me! What do you need me to do?
arue: You're gonna have to dance for us.
ynyn: Dance? Is that all? Geez, I think I can do a little dance for my friends!
ynyn: Wait... What kind of dance are we talking about, exactly? 
komekko: Oh, it's no big deal between friends. Just... *Whisper whisper*
ynyn: What?! I disagree, that is a VERY big deal!
komekko: Oh, come on! It's the only way. We found an ancient tome that said a specific dance of the Village Elder's daughter will undo the spell.
ynyn: How am I supposed to believe something so ridiculous?
arue: You won't dance for us, then... I guess we'll just have to get used to this.
ynyn: K-Komekko...
komekko: I guess it can't be helped... She's a stranger, after all. And I did so think we were friends...
ynyn: Fine, fine... I'll do it! I'll do it for the both of you! 
ynyn: I just need to do this once, right?
arue: Ungh...
arue: And with that, the test is complete. 
arue: Good work, Yunyun.
ynyn: Huh? Wh-what test?
arue: The theme of my latest work is friendship. I wanted to see how far someone would go for a friend.
ynyn: Y-you mean you didn't switch bodies?
arue: That's right. I'm sorry for tricking you, if only for a short time.
komekko: *Drool* Hey, can I have the rest of this pork?
arue: Thanks for your help, Komekko. You did a good job. The meat's all yours.
komekko: Yaaay! *Munch munch* *Chomp chomp*
ynyn: Aaagh... I was really worried about you!
arue: I'm sorry about this. 
arue: However, I made some real progress on my novel!
ynyn: Gyaaagh! You're so mean! I thought I was sacrificing for my friends!
arue: Ah, Yunyun...
arue: Maybe that was a bit much. I'll invite her to dinner so I can apologize.
