Arue - P1
ナレーション: Arue was strolling through the Crimson Demon Village to help get over a bout of writer's block.
arue: It's not working... I can't come up with anything new for my novel...
arue: I might as well take a break and head to the hot springs.
arue: Wh-what was that? It sounded like an explosion!
arue: I see smoke rising from the village.
arue: This giant crater... The only magic that could cause this much destruction at once is—
？？？: Hello? Is anyone there?
arue: I should've known it was you.
megumin: Oh, it's Arue. Perfect timing.
arue: Megumin, are you taking a nap out here?
megumin: I wasn't napping. I used up all my strength on my spell. Do you think you could help me up?
arue: Sure, I can do that. But why did you use your explosion magic in a place like this?
megumin: Oh, you know... The raging inferno that courses through my veins cannot be denied!
arue: Well, yeah, but...why here? You should be in Axel right now, shouldn't you?
megumin: Ah... The thing is, I set off so many explosions around Axel...
megumin: The guards kinda asked that I go somewhere else to practice.
arue: So you came back home to perform your explosion magic.
megumin: Yep. And because I know so many people in the village, I knew one of you would hear and come help me out.
megumin: It's actually pretty dangerous around here. Even this close to the village, the monsters are quite strong.
arue: If you know that, why didn't you stop yourself?
megumin: There's just no way I can go a single day without blowing something up...
arue: Wait, really? You have to do it every single day? 
arue: You must tell me more!
megumin: Very well! I shall take great pleasure in revealing the wonders of explosion magic to you!
megumin: Explosion magic is humanity's greatest means of attack. No matter how often you cast it, the thrill never ceases.
arue: *Scribble scribble* "No matter how often you cast it, the thrill never ceases..."
megumin: Unleashing it the first time brings relief, but over time, the urge to cast it again grows stronger.
arue: "Once you experience such a thrill, it consumes your thoughts, and your body's yearning for it only grows."
megumin: That's not quite what I... Well, whatever.
megumin: As the desire to cast the spell builds, you feel a wave of frustration building within you!
arue: "The frustration of unanswered desire burns within you..."
megumin: As it continues to build, you may want to cast it anywhere... Whether deep in a dungeon, or in the middle of town!
arue: "Such arousal can yearn for release anywhere, even in public..."
megumin: Arue? Have you been writing something?
arue: Don't worry about that! Go on... What happens next?
megumin: Eventually it starts to feel like withdrawal. You won't even care what you're targeting.
arue: "Anyone can satisfy the urge..." 
arue: This is powerful stuff.
arue: Wonderful, Megumin! This really sparks my imagination!
megumin: Ah, I'm so happy that you've learned the sheer joy of explosion magic for yourself!
megumin: Now, to put theory into practice! Get out your adventurer card and acquire an explosion magic skill—
arue: No, I don't think I'll be doing that.
megumin: Huh?
arue: Thanks for your help, Megumin.
arue: I've managed to conquer my writer's block because of you.
arue: Yes, I can change that... Spice this part up a bit... 
arue: Indeed, I think I've made a breakthrough!
arue: I need to get home and start writing!
megumin: Hey, Arue? You're not gonna leave me, right?
megumin: Come back! Did you forget why you came here?
megumin: Agh... At least sit me up! This dirt is cold!
megumin: Arueeeeee!
arue: Yes, it's time for a new book... I have a feeling that it'll practically write itself.
arue: I'm no longer just the bustiest Crimson Demon; now I'm also one of their most promising authors!
