Arue - P4
ナレーション: After her previous play did so well in the theater, Arue found herself with a second commission...
arue: A performance that will impress the ladies, huh? The women 
arue: of my clan enjoy stories of demons and contracts.
arue: However, I'm guessing that wouldn't be an ordinary women's cup of tea.
arue: A young woman with an evil stepmother is saved by a prince 
arue: and falls in love. A bit cliche, but it's sure to be a hit.
ynyn: Arue, what're you talking about to yourself? 
arue: Nothing, nothing. 
arue: But it is time I seek actors to perform in a new play I am writing. Yunyun, you will assist me.
ynyn: A play? I-If you'll have me, I'd love to be in a—
arue: I appreciate the interest. I'll take it into consideration.
ynyn: Huh? Oh, okay...
ynyn: For some reason, I feel like I've just been rejected...
arue: Come, let us go find our illustrious performers. I'm sure your 
arue: intuition will prove most useful, Yunyun!
arue: And so, we seek a beautiful young woman to play the tormented stepdaughter, and a dashing prince to save her.
ynyn: A gallant prince is certainly a must if you want the women 
ynyn: in the audience to swoon, but who would be a good fit?
mitsurugi: Well if it isn't Arue and Yunyun. What a pleasant surprise. 
arue: As if answering my summons!
ynyn: You're right! Not only is Mitsurugi a famous adventurer, he's got the perfect look too!
mitsurugi: Um, can I help you with something? Your intense stare is 
mitsurugi: a bit embarrassing.
arue: We're conducting a casting call for actors to perform in my 
arue: next play. You are ideal for the prince's role. 
mitsurugi: You want me to play a prince? I'm flattered that you would 
mitsurugi: ask, but I'm far from qualified for such a role.
mitsurugi: I'm also on my way to slay a monster that's been endangering travelers along the highway. I'm afraid duty calls. 
arue: I see. It seems you are more suited to the role of hero than 
arue: that of a prince. We will continue our search. 
mitsurugi: My apologies. However, if ever you should require my aid, please do not hesitate to ask. 
mitsurugi: Well, I should be off.
ynyn: He's plenty prince-like to me. Oh well, I guess the 
ynyn: timing just didn't work out.
arue: Yes, it's unfortunate to lose such talent. The illustrious role of prince will not be easily filled!
kazuma: Ahem!
arue: Hmm? Oh. Ha. Hm. It's you.
kazuma: Arue. Yunyun... I couldn't help but overhear. And, coincidentally, your gallant prince, 
kazuma: Kazuma Satou, is here!
arue: You couldn't be further from the character I have in mind. I will pass with no hesitation.
kazuma: The curtain shall soon rise on the next epic tale of the magnificent Prince Ka—
kazuma: Wait, what?!
ynyn: A lot of people call you Kazuma, the Panty-Stealing Devil. Scumzuma. Pervyzuma. 
kazuma: Dammit! The rumors are ruining me!
arue: Let's continue literally anywhere else. 
ynyn: We weren't able to find anyone for the role of the prince.
arue: I'd prefer not to settle, but if I don't find my cast soon rehearsals will be delayed and the production will—
arue: Huh?
Axis Boy: You filthy Eris disciple! Take that! And that!
darkness: S-Stop that! You definitely shouldn't throw anymore rocks at me!
darkness: I would hate if you stopped! Oh!
ynyn: Oh my gosh! Darkness! We need to help her!
arue: No, hold on a moment. She's...
darkness: This feeling of utter helplessness as these Axis followers 
darkness: batter me with rocks! It's so...exhilarating!
ynyn: I-Is she enjoying it?
arue: Don't look, Yunyun. This is not for your young eyes. 
lia: Hey! What are you doing to Darkness?! You can't just go 
lia: around throwing rocks at people!
Axis Boy: We're caught! We're sorry!
lia: Darkness, are you all right?
darkness: Lia? Thank you for coming to my rescue. A-Although, I wasn't 
darkness: opposed to it continuing...
ynyn: Jumping in to save someone without hesitation...
ynyn: Th-That was so cool!
arue: Oh! The gods have answered me! You're perfect! 
arue: You're exactly what I've been searching for, Lia!
lia: Huh?! Arue, what do you mean? 
lia: I'm not sure I like that look in your eyes...
arue: You have demonstrated both courage and a sense of justice. 
arue: You are a perfect fit for the role of the prince in my play!
lia: A-A prince?!
arue: And you Darkness, you will be the ill-fated, 
arue: tormented stepdaughter. What do you say?
darkness: A t-t-tormented stepdaughter?! 
darkness: I beg of you, let me have this role!
ynyn: Wait! I don't disagree Lia is really cool, but she's 
ynyn: a girl!
arue: Kazuma tells me in some countries, women dress as men and put on spectacular performances!
arue: I've decided this play will have an all-female cast! Oh, 
arue: and Yunyun... You'll be the evil stepmother. 
ynyn: What?! I get to be in the play?!
ynyn: Yes, yes, YES!
lia: Um, I never agreed to—
darkness: It's too late, my prince! Am I really going to be 
darkness: tormented in front of an entire audience?
darkness: I can't wait!
arue: Perfect—the stage is set and my actors are cast. This will be my greatest creation yet!
ナレーション: Arue's play debuted a few days later and as expected, Lia's role as prince gave rise to a dedicated following of fans...
