Mitsurugi - P4
mitsurugi: My Lady Aqua, is that you?! 
mitsurugi: Oh, great. And Kazuma Satou...
aqua: Hmm? Who's that?
kazuma: Oh, that's, um... Misty...something.
mitsurugi: Mitsurugi. And for the last time, stop mistaking my name on purpose.
aqua: Oh, right. Magic sword guy.
mitsurugi: What is your business today, Lady Aqua? 
aqua: You can't tell just by looking? We're hungry, and broke. Our business is surviving!
mitsurugi: It pains me to see my Lady Goddess like this! 
mitsurugi: Come, ask anything of me and I shall see it done!
aqua: Really? Anything? In that case, would you buy me a nice 
aqua: bottle of bubbly?
mitsurugi: Naturally! Your wish is my command!
mitsurugi: *Pant pant*
mitsurugi: Lady Aqua, I have returned!
kazuma: I-Isn't this that new, limited edition bubbly?! This is reserved for nobles!
mitsurugi: I am a high-class adventurer! I managed to pull a few strings since this is for Lady Aqua!
aqua: *Gulp gulp*
aqua: Ahhhh! Boy, these limited edition vintages are my reason for living!
kazuma: Come on, Aqua. Save a little for me, will ya?
aqua: I have a sudden craving for fried food. You think you could 
aqua: fetch your illustrious goddess some deep-fried frog legs?
mitsurugi: Frog legs? My Lady doesn't require something with a bit more class?
kazuma: You hold her in way too high regard. This is the kind of stuff she always eats.
mitsurugi: No, Lady Aqua must be holding back so as to not 
mitsurugi: overburden me. She's so kind!
mitsurugi: Please, there is no need for such restraint. I'll prepare 
mitsurugi: you a meal of the highest quality meat right away!
aqua: There he goes again. If only the Axis followers were like this.
kazuma: On the bright side, we're feasting on high-grade meat tonight! 
kazuma: Let's find Darkness and the others before he gets back.
Legendary Giant Dragon: Grrroooaaarrr!
mitsurugi: *Pant pant* This guy sure is tough. However, I have a magic 
mitsurugi: blade given to me by the Lady Goddess herself!
mitsurugi: Taste the blade of the chosen one!
Legendary Giant Dragon: Raaaaaargh...
mitsurugi: *Pant pant* I-I apologize for the delay, 
mitsurugi: Lady Aqua!
aqua: All right! We've been waiting!
darkness: Aqua told us all about your offer. I'm looking forward to joining you for this meal.
megumin: I'm famished over here!
mitsurugi: Huh? Are there more people here, or is it just me?
kazuma: You said you were preparing a special meal, but I didn't think two was enough, so I called some friends to help us.
mitsurugi: You never miss an opportunity, do you? 
mitsurugi: Well, fine. Since you're all here, have a taste of this 
mitsurugi: Legendary Giant Dragon meat!
darkness: Legendary Giant Dragon meat?! Most nobles couldn't even 
darkness: dream of having a morsel of such a rare meat!
megumin: I'm trembling with anticipation! When do we eat?!
aqua: I can't wait!
Everyone: Let's dig in!
mitsurugi: Well? Is it the best thing you've ever tasted?
kazuma: Well... It's a bit plain.
mitsurugi: What?!
darkness: It's rather sinewy and tough.
mitsurugi: Tough?
megumin: It's probably because of the size. The bigger the animal, the blander the meat.
mitsurugi: Bland?!
aqua: Hmm... I feel a little bad after you went to all the effort, 
aqua: but I think I prefer giant toad.
aqua: Excuse me! An extra-large order of fried giant toad, please! Oh, and the biggest glass of bubbly you've got!
mitsurugi: B-But... I've heard it was delicious, so I thought...
kazuma: Don't be too hard on yourself. I guess it was so rare, nobody actually knew what it tasted like.
mitsurugi: *Sigh* All I wanted was to please the Lady Goddess...  Were all my efforts in vain?
Waitress: Here's your order! One extra-large serving of giant toad and a glass of our best bubbly!
aqua: Mm! Now this is the stuff! It's perfect with the limited 
aqua: edition bubbly from earlier!
aqua: Hey y'all! Let's eat and party until the sun comes up! You too, sword guy!
Everyone: Hooray!
mitsurugi: No, they weren't in vain. Everyone is happy. And...
aqua: This is so good! Bubbly and fried food are a match made in heaven!
mitsurugi: I was able to see the Lady Goddess smile. Just that gives me the motivation to keep giving it my all.
