Mitsurugi - P2
mitsurugi: I have found you at last, Kazuma Satou!
kazuma: Hm? Do I know you?
mitsurugi: It's me, Kyouya Mitsurugi!
kazuma: Oh yeah, I might have heard of you before. 
kazuma: What can I do for you, Mutsurugi?
mitsurugi: Mi-tsu-ru-gi! I just told you my name and you've already forgotten it! You're just as rude as I remember!
mitsurugi: You humiliated me before when you sold my cursed sword, the incomparable Gram. 
mitsurugi: I demand a rematch! Face me, now!
kazuma: Ugh... Sounds like a hassle.
mitsurugi: Heh, don't worry. I won't demand you hand over the goddess as I did the last time we met.
mitsurugi: This is a matter of personal pride. If I lose this time, no more matches.
mitsurugi: But if I win... I demand you apologize for your crude actions and declare me the true hero!
kazuma: Don't I get any say in this? Why should I—
kazuma: Hold on a sec. If I play this right...
kazuma: All right, don't blame me if you end up even worse off than before.
mitsurugi: Judging by the sheer audacity of your words, I take it you've accepted my challenge.
kazuma: Naturally... 
kazuma: But on one condition!
kazuma: These one-on-one challenges are getting pretty stale. How about we change things up a bit?
mitsurugi: I accept. Whatever the challenge may be, I shall be the one who emerges victorious!
Beginner's Bane: Grrrrrrrrr... 
mitsurugi: Aaah!
kazuma: Look, there's another one!
mitsurugi: Heh! Well, Kazuma Satou? What do you think of my blade work?
mitsurugi: You haven't felled a single one of them. My lead is only growing larger by the minute.
Beginner's Bane: Grrrrrrrrr...
mitsurugi: Hah! That makes five!
mitsurugi: I can't believe you challenged me to a beginner's bane-killing contest. You should've known better.
Beginner's Bane: Rrraaawwwrrr!
mitsurugi: There's still more of them? This place is absolutely swarming with beginner's banes.
mitsurugi: Still, these foul beasts are no match for the likes of me. 
mitsurugi: Even if they all attack at once, they're nothing!
mitsurugi: Whew. That looks like the last of them.
kazuma: Wow, way to go. You really are just as tough as you say. 
kazuma: I probably couldn't beat you even if I tried.
mitsurugi: Hm? Does that mean... You accept my victory?
kazuma: Why wouldn't I? 
kazuma: You won fair and square. Sorry about before. 
kazuma: You really are the true hero between us. 
mitsurugi: I must admit, I'm quite surprised.
mitsurugi: I thought you to be nothing more than a slipshod coward, but it seems you at least recognize your betters.
kazuma: Yeahhhh, you should quit while you're ahead.
mitsurugi: Hehe. With this, I have purged the stain on my honor.
mitsurugi: I shall continue training so that I can one day defeat the Devil King. 
mitsurugi: After all, that is what Lady Aqua would want.
kazuma: What she would want? Yeah, I guess so... Hehehe.
darkness: Excuse me, could we get another round of bubbly here?
megumin: Oh, and a smoke lizard burger, too!
kazuma: Do you all have bottomless stomachs or something?
aqua: You're the one who told us we could eat and drink as much as we like! What got into you?
mitsurugi: Ah! My Goddess! It is a pleasure to see you!
aqua: Oh, it's that guy... 
aqua: Umm...
kazuma: Seriously, you should remember the poor guy's name. 
kazuma: He's...Ayano Koji, right?
mitsurugi: Not even close! The name's Mitsurugi! Geez, not even one syllable right!
kazuma: Bah. You shouldn't sweat the small stuff, pal. Here, have a drink. I'm buying.
kazuma: Hey, waitress! A bit of bubbly for this guy!
mitsurugi: You're awfully generous today. What's the occasion?
megumin: He happened to make some good money today.
darkness: Kazuma did the quest for those beginner's banes in the forest all by himself.
mitsurugi: He soloed beginner's banes? 
mitsurugi: ...Wait a minute!
aqua: He took on a quest meant for twenty adventurers and pocketed all the rewards for himself... 
aqua: Kazuma, you're amazing!
mitsurugi: Hey, Kazuma Satou. Did our beginner's bane contest have anything to do with this?
kazuma: I said I'd apologize and admit you're the true hero, right? I think it was fair trade for the quest rewards.
mitsurugi: Curse you! You tricked me, Kazuma Satou!
kazuma: I didn't trick you. You beat me and I apologized.
kazuma: Besides, Aqua is happy with the results as well. So we all got what we wanted in the end.
mitsurugi: Urgh... Why would Lady Aqua keep company with the likes of—
Waitress: Sorry to keep you waiting! Here's your order. Two bottles of bubbly and a smoke lizard burger.
aqua: Yay! Let's raise our glasses one more time! Cheers!
kazuma: Look, take it easy for once and have a drink... 
kazuma: Motsurugi!
mitsurugi: I. TOLD. YOU. 
mitsurugi: IT'S MITSURUGI!
