Mitsurugi - P3
mitsurugi: Well, if it isn't Kazuma Satou... Where is Lady Aqua?
kazuma: Hey, I'm in the middle of something important right now. Could you not barge in like this?
mitsurugi: I'm only asking you where our fair Lady Aqua is.
kazuma: She's probably at her part-time job.
mitsurugi: Lady Aqua works a part-time job?!
kazuma: Haven't you noticed she's broke all the time? She's got no concept of how money actually works.
mitsurugi: I would never force Lady Aqua to stoop to such levels!
mitsurugi: And you make her work while you brazenly gallivant about with other women?!
kazuma: I told you, I'm working on a business deal here! These are my partners.
erica: We bring non-stop cuteness! We're the famous Axel Hearts!
cielo: Um, we're a dance group...
lia: Kazuma is our producer, and he takes good care of us. This is all business.
mitsurugi: Oh, you're that group that's so popular lately...
mitsurugi: Wait, why would girls like you be associating with Kazuma Satou? You know his reputation, don't you?
cielo: N-now wait just a minute!
lia: Kazuma isn't as bad as the rumors say. And he really is working hard on our behalf.
erica: What gives you the right to talk? Who are you, anyway?
mitsurugi: Oh, I beg your pardon for not introducing myself. My name is Mitsuru—
cielo: Eeeeeeeeeeeek!
mitsurugi: Agh... Why did you punch me like that?
cielo: S-s-sorry about that! 
cielo: You tried to shake my hand, so...
kazuma: Don't worry about him, Cielo. He's a famous sword master, known for his magic blade.
kazuma: He's a high-level adventurer, so you didn't really hurt him.
mitsurugi: I'm warning you, Axel Hearts... This man is no friend to women. You shouldn't associate with him further.
erica: But he's the one who made us famous, and—
mitsurugi: Your fame makes him even more dangerous to you. You should join me. 
mitsurugi: I can at least give you nicer costumes!
erica: Seriously? That sounds like a decent deal.
kazuma: You're so cute, Erika.
erica: Oh, Kazuma! 
erica: I'll stay with you forever!
mitsurugi: Huh? Her attitude shifted in an instant... 
mitsurugi: If I did something wrong, please tell me!
kazuma: Erika is so cute sometimes... She just knows that she can count on me more than you.
mitsurugi: Wh-what are you implying?! That I am somehow inferior to you?!\n
mitsurugi: How can I, wielder of the magic blade, be bested by Kazuma Satou?
lia: Please forgive the improprieties of my companions.
mitsurugi: A-ah, it's nothing... I suppose I've made quite a spectacle of myself, haven't I?
mitsurugi: Thank you for your concern. I am relieved to see that Kazuma Satou hasn't corrupted you yet.
mitsurugi: I am curious as to why you carry around a stuffed doll, but it's nice to see at least one of you has some sense.
lia: Stuffed doll?
mitsurugi: Indeed! We must have crossed paths for a reason!
mitsurugi: You know, I can replace that ratty old thing with something much more elegant.
lia: ...What did you say?
mitsurugi: Huh?
lia: What did you say about Konjiro?! Apologize, right now!
mitsurugi: Huh?
lia: Konjiro is no stuffed doll! He's a part of my family! Now apologize to Konjiro for insulting him!
mitsurugi: H-hold on a moment. Just relax... 
mitsurugi: I'm sorry I called your dear stuffed doll old and ratty!
lia: I told you he's not a stuffed doll! You really don't get it. 
lia: There's no point in talking to you!
kazuma: Well, it certainly looks like the Axel Hearts girls don't like you.
mitsurugi: Grr! Why are the women around Kazuma Satou always so cruel to me?
mitsurugi: Am I really inferior to him in some way? 
mitsurugi: No, that's impossible.
mitsurugi: I shall leave you be for now, but someday you will see that you girls are better off with me!
kazuma: I'm sure they will, 
kazuma: Katsuragi.
lia: Hm? Was that his name?
erica: No, his name is Matsuragi!
cielo: Umm, I think it was something else.
mitsurugi: My name is Mitsurugi! 
mitsurugi: Curse this life!
ナレーション: After correcting the others on his name, Mitsurugi fled the guild with wounded pride...
