Mitsurugi - P1
mitsurugi: I will be the one to save this world... Just as I promised the goddess on that fateful day.
aqua: Now, take the cursed sword Gram and set forth on your journey, o Chosen One.
mitsurugi: My Goddess, I swear that I will defeat the Devil King and bring salvation to this world!
aqua: Good. I am counting on you.
mitsurugi: Every day since, I have devoted myself to fulfilling the goddess's request. So why must fate curse me so?
megumin: Your underhanded tactics saved us again, Kazuma.
kazuma: I wouldn't call them underhanded. 
kazuma: Besides, it all started because you got impatient and used your explosion magic!
darkness: Yeah, I never thought I'd face such a powerful attack all by myself. 
darkness: Just thinking about it now... Ahhh!
aqua: Listen you guys, I'm starting to get really hungry... 
aqua: Let's go get some bubbly at the guild!
mitsurugi: Why would a goddess want to stay with such a jerk? Kazuma Satou, you'll pay for this!
kazuma: Again? Haven't you been going a little too hard lately? That stuff ain't cheap.
aqua: I'm fine! Besides, we deserve to let loose once in a while! 
aqua: I want my bubbly, and I want it now!
mitsurugi: Dear Goddess! Allow me to pay for your libations!
aqua: Huh? Who are you again?
kazuma: You really should remember people's names. You sent him here like you did me. Matsuragi, right?
mitsurugi: It's Mitsurugi! Bah, you're no better than she is!
mitsurugi: If our divine goddess has a request, you must answer it. How could you hesitate to pay for a mere drink?
mitsurugi: Lady Aqua, I feel you would be better off with me.
aqua: Huh...
mitsurugi: Actually, all of you ought to rethink your current stations. 
mitsurugi: With me, your hardships will be no more. Join me!
darkness: Never! I have no interest in honorable men such as you!
megumin: Like I told you before, I've got a serious physical aversion to you.
mitsurugi: Ah, I see... He must have something on all of you. 
mitsurugi: Fear not! I shall rescue you from his clutches!
aqua: He's off in his own little world.
mitsurugi: I challenge you, Kazuma Satou! If I win, you must release our fair goddess from your infernal grasp!
kazuma: Release her? I'm not holding her captive or anything.
mitsurugi: Enough talk! You may have bested me in combat once before, but this time I shall—
Adventurer A: Yaaaaaagh!
Adventurer B: It's a murder bear! We need some high-level adventurers!
mitsurugi: Ah! There are people in danger... 
mitsurugi: Blast!
mitsurugi: You're off the hook for now! I have a sworn duty to save those in need!
mitsurugi: I'll return shortly! Stay right there!
Adventurer C: H-Help! Someone! Anyone!
mitsurugi: Have no fear! Kyouya Mitsurugi is here to save you!
aqua: And there he goes...
darkness: I'm sure he'll be able to take down that murder bear.
megumin: He told us to wait here, right?
kazuma: Let's pretend we didn't hear that. I'm going home.
Aqua, Megumin ＆ Darkness: Good idea.
mitsurugi: Whew... The beast has been felled.
Adventurer A: Incredible! He took out that murder bear so quickly.
Adventurer B: I'd expect nothing less from Mitsurugi the Hero!
mitsurugi: If you ever find yourself in need again, don't hesitate to call for me. I'll be there right away!
Adventurer C: Th-thank you so much!
mitsurugi: Sorry to keep you waiting, Kazuma Satou! 
mitsurugi: Now, let us continue our...
mitsurugi: Huh? He's gone.
mitsurugi: I told him to wait here!
mitsurugi: I see... He fears me so much that he fled. I guess I have to leave the goddess with him for now.
mitsurugi: But one day, I will liberate her from his devious ways!
ナレーション: Mitsurugi's world would continue to revolve around Aqua, but that is a story for another time...
