Dust - P3
dust: Hrmmm...
ナレーション: Dust was peering suspiciously at something from a shadowy street corner...
aqua: Oh. Hey there, Dust. What're you doing? Stalking somebody?
dust: Shhh! Rin will hear you!
kazuma: Why are you following Rin?
aqua: Wow, he really is a stalker.
dust: Don't look at me like that! 
dust: Rin's been acting strange lately. Something might be bothering her.
dust: She seems distracted, and a little fatigued. 
dust: I hope she's not caught up in anything bad...
aqua: Why don't you just ask her about it?
dust: Because she'd just brush it off with some excuse!
kazuma: Well, at least you know she doesn't trust you.
lean: La la lalalala ♪
kazuma: Hey, she skipped into that alley pretty cheerfully. I don't remember anything being back there.
aqua: C'mon, let's follow her.
dust: Why are you two tagging along?
aqua: We're already in this deep, so we might as well. And if it's hard for you to ask her, I can handle it.
kazuma: Plus, if it turns out to be something bad, better to have more of us, right? 
kazuma: Someone's gotta go call for help.
dust: Okay. Let's go, then.
ナレーション: As the group peered into the alleyway, they saw Rin speaking with an unfamiliar adventurer...
dust: Who the hell is that guy?
kazuma: Uh oh. Were we not supposed to see this?
aqua: I see what's going on, Dust. You said she's acting strange,\n
aqua: but you're just jealous, aren't you?
dust: It's not like that! We're just partymates!
kazuma: Keep it down. They'll hear us!
Adventurer: Well? Have you given it some thought, Rin?
lean: Yeah, about that...
Adventurer: Our party needs a magic-user. And not just any magic-user, Rin. We could really use your valuable skills!
lean: Well, I have friends that I've worked with for a long time.
Adventurer: Adventuring parties switch members all the time. It's pretty normal, actually. I'm sure your friends will understand.
Adventurer: And to be quite frank... I don't believe your current party aspires to much greater heights.
dust: Switch members...? 
dust: That bastard! How dare he say such things! Besides, I don't aspire to greater heights because I don't feel like it!
Adventurer: We're not adventuring just to make a living. We're working to become heroes that children look up to.
Adventurer: Rin, I know you have the potential to do just that. But not on your own. You need companions with similar goals.
lean: Companions with similar goals...
aqua: Wait, is he actually swaying her? Look at her expression.
kazuma: Adventuring just to make a living... I suppose I'm guilty of that myself.
dust: I make money to spend at the casino!
kazuma: That's probably why Rin is considering his offer.
Adventurer: And Rin, we at least have to talk about Dust. You shouldn't hang around guys like that.
Adventurer: When punks like him call themselves adventurers, it gives all of us a bad name.
Adventurer: He takes out loans and gambles the money away. He's not even a decent person, let alone an adven—
ナレーション: Rin cut the man off with a slap across the face.
lean: I don't work with people who disrespect my friends. 
lean: Dust may be garbage, but he's not how you make him out to be.
lean: Whew. That's a relief!
lean: *Sigh* Maybe I was a little hasty.
dust: Hasty about what?
lean: Dust... 
lean: This has nothing to do with you.
dust: I see... Well, are you hungry? 
dust: It's my treat today.
lean: Your treat? 
lean: Haven't heard that one before.
dust: Hey, it's not that unusual. I can be nice every now and then.
lean: Maybe.
dust: Yeah! So, eat all you want! It's my way of saying thanks!
dust: Bring us more food and drink! Keep it coming!
ナレーション: Later, Rin laid into Dust after hearing him ask Kazuma for money to pay for all the food and drinks.
