Dust - P4
megumin: Exploooosion!
dust: Wow, that spell sure is something. That was almost the entire herd of monsters in one go.
kazuma: Take out the stragglers! They can apparently control lightning, so be on your guard!
dust: Yeah, yeah. It'll be a walk in the park for me. 
dust: I barely lifted a finger and got an even cut of the reward? I made the right choice tagging along with these guys today.
dust: Hehe, I know the first place I'm going after getting paid. 
dust: I do owe Rin money.... she won't mind though!
darkness: Dust, look out behind you!
dust: What?
Baa-hemoth: Baaaaaahhh!
dust: Whoa! When did you get behind—
dust: Aaarggghhh!
aqua: Kazuma! Dust just got shocked!
kazuma: I said to watch out for their lightning! 
kazuma: You all right?
dust: Ungh...
aqua: You finally awake? I cast my Heal on you, so you're all patched up!
darkness: I'm relieved. I could never face Rin and the others again if anything had happened to you.
dust: Ungh...
megumin: Is something wrong? You seem dazed. Does anything hurt?
dust: Um... Who are you people? And where am—
dust: Ughhh...
kazuma: Okay, okay, real funny. C'mon, stop joking around. 
dust: I...can't remember anything.
darkness: Is this because of that lightning bolt?
kazuma: Are you serious?
megumin: And that's about everything we know about you, Dust. Did anything jog your memory?
dust: Sorry, not a thing. 
dust: Still, it sounds like I was a pretty terrible person who caused trouble for a lot of people.
dust: I should pay back all my debts before anything else. I'll need to find quests and part-time work to earn money.
kazuma: Something just doesn't feel right hearing Dust talk about 
kazuma: finding work and paying people back.
darkness: Agreed. 
darkness: Normally it would be, 
darkness: "Time to strike it rich at the casino!"
dust: That's dishonorable! A man should strive for 
dust: honest work rather than rely on luck at a casino.
aqua: That's great and all, but that's a tomorrow problem. 
aqua: Today, we drink to celebrate another successful quest!
dust: Oh, I'm fine with just tea, but please don't stop on my account.
kazuma: Avoiding the casino, working off debts, and now turning 
kazuma: down alcohol? He's gone and become an honest person...
aqua: I mean it's kind of refreshing. 
darkness: I wonder what Rin will think when they see him like this.
lean: Somebody say my name?
kazuma: Rin...
kazuma: What timing...
dust: Rin? 
dust: That name feels so familiar. 
lean: Dust! I hear you were out on a quest with Kazuma. You going to finally pay me back 
lean: with your cut?
dust: So you're Rin? I can't believe I was indebted to such a lovely woman. 
dust: Please accept my apology!
lean: Wha—?! Why are you holding my hand like that?! You're creeping me out! 
lean: Kazuma, what's gotten into Dust?
kazuma: Well, there was a bit of an accident during the quest. He seems to have amnesia.
lean: ...Amnesia?
dust: I swear upon my honor I will earn and pay you back every 
dust: last Eris. I will be a burden no longer!
lean: Hyah!
dust: Argh!
megumin: What a powerful right hook!
lean: You really think I'm going to believe you have amnesia?! You've tried this stupid trick before!
dust: Why are you suddenly so angry? Please, Rin, can't we talk 
dust: this out instead? Violence isn't going to solve—
lean: You're still playing dumb?! 
lean: Take this, you big idiot!
dust: Yaaagh!
aqua: Th-That one looked painful...
darkness: Indeed. A fine blow. 
dust: Ungh...
kazuma: Dust, you still alive?
dust: That hurt like hell! What was that for, Rin?!
kazuma: Wait, what did you just say? 
kazuma: Do you remember us now? 
dust: What? Yes I do, unfortunately! I wish I could forget this monster! 
dust: What're you hitting me for?! 
lean: That's what you get for pretending to have amnesia! 
lean: Now cough up my money!
dust: Hah! As if! You've gotta pay for my hospital bills now! We're even!
lean: Excuse me?! Stop spouting nonsense! There's no way I'm 
lean: going to let that fly!
dust: Leave me alone! I worked hard for this money and I ain't giving it to nobody!
lean: Get back here! Today's the day I'm finally making you pay EVERYTHING back!
kazuma: Did Rin's anger just reboot Dust's memory?
darkness: It appears so. I'm glad he's returned to his normal self.
aqua: I might've liked him better that way. You think he'd change 
aqua: back if we zapped him with another lightning bolt?
kazuma: I've got to agree with her for once. 
ナレーション: Despite what they said, Kazuma and company did feel a sense of relief to see Dust and Rin arguing as usual...
