Rin - P3
ナレーション: With Kazuma in bed with a cold, Aqua and the others invited Rin out on a quest in his place...
aqua: Sorry to make you tag along with us. 
aqua: It's Kazuma's fault for hanging around in his pajamas after a bath.
lean: Don't worry about it. Dust isn't interested in quests, 
lean: and I didn't have any special plans today.
megumin: It's nice to try new parties once in awhile, isn't it?
darkness: I'll take the lead myself. Let me draw all the attacks. 
darkness: It's the blessing of being a crusader.
aqua: Well, there are no serious threats this time. Rin's magic will easily handle anything we run into.
lean: Please don't expect too much of my magic. It's nothing compared to a member of the Crimson Demon Clan.
megumin: That's a given. Just remember you're in the presence of one who wields the unrivaled power of explosion magic.
lean: I hear people say it's gimmicky, but it gets the job done.
megumin: You're a wizard, so you should know better than anyone.\n
megumin: Explosion magic is the pinnacle of all magic!
megumin: It's never too late. Start saving up your skill points, and you too can learn this majestic magic.
lean: Hmm, I'm just not sure I could wield it properly. It's not good in a drawn-out battle, either...
lean: Besides, explosion magic is too advanced for me. I need way more levels and skill points.
aqua: You can use intermediate magic, right?
lean: Yeah, it's about all I can manage at this point.
lean: How many of the arch priest spells have you mastered, Aqua?
aqua: Naturally, someone of my elevated status has learned every arch priest skill there is!
lean: Seriously? Wow!
aqua: Amazing, right? Tell me more about how great I am!
lean: Why did you choose to become a crusader, Darkness?
darkness: That's simple: to protect people. And for their sake, I'll take the most powerful 
darkness: blows the enemy can muster!
lean: Such self-sacrifice... 
lean: Incredible. You have my respect.
megumin: I think she may have other reasons as well...
darkness: However, I'm no good on offense. 
darkness: That's why I'm looking forward to seeing the spells you sling, Rin.
lean: Hah, it's been a while since someone's expected so much from me. 
lean: I feel the pressure, but I can handle it.
ナレーション: Upon arriving at the dungeon, the party gave Megumin their gear and a torch as they began exploring...
Undead: Heeheeheeheehee...
lean: Why are the undead all over us?! 
lean: Has this dungeon changed in some way?
megumin: Let Aqua handle the undead. We'll take care of the rest.
Monsters: Grrrrrrrrr!
lean: Take this! Blade of Wind!
darkness: Okay, let me do my thing!
lean: Darkness! It's dangerous to get in my sights!
darkness: Don't worry! I find your spell to be...quite stimulating! 
darkness: Go on! Let me have it!
lean: I'll try not to hit Darkness this time... 
lean: Blade of Wind!
darkness: Over here now, huh? Ugh... That was a good one!
lean: D-Darkness, stop running into my attacks!
aqua: Hey, I'm getting hungry. Let's stop and eat.
lean: Are you crazy?! There are still undead around!
lean: Blade of Wind! Blade of Wind!
darkness: Eek! Oof! 
darkness: More! Give me more!
lean: At this rate, they'll have us surrounded!
megumin: Let's fall back. If the monsters follow us out of the dungeon, I can hit 'em with my explosion magic.
lean: We can't make it to the surface that easily.
darkness: Don't worry, I have all of your backs. 
darkness: These are the moments a crusader lives for!
lean: O-okay, we're counting on you. 
lean: To the exit! Hurry, everyone!
aqua: There! That's light from outside!
lean: Megumin! Get your explosion magic ready!
megumin: I can't wait any longer! Here I go!
lean: Wait! We're not—
megumin: EXPLOSION!!
lean: Eeeeeeeeek!
kazuma_jersey: Oh, welcome back. How'd it go?
lean: Have you gotten over your cold?
kazuma_jersey: Yeah. I slept a lot, so I'm feeling much better. 
kazuma_jersey: How about all of you?
megumin: I fired off a heck of an explosion, so I'm great.
darkness: I love retreating from a fight. The pressure of your entire party's safety falling on you as you take hits... 
darkness: Sublime!
aqua: We just managed to make our quota, so we should celebrate by blowing our reward on some bubbly!
lean: *Sigh* That was way more exhausting than a quest with Dust.
kazuma_jersey: S-sorry to hear that.
lean: I'm impressed you can put up with this constantly, Kazuma.
ナレーション: Rin felt perhaps the deepest respect of her life after learning just how difficult the trio was to work with...
