Rin - P2
lean: *Stare*
luna: Um, Rin?
lean: Hmm... Umm...
luna: Please... It's uncomfortable having you stare at my chest like that...
lean: Oh, I'm sorry... I don't mean anything by it... 
lean: *Stare*
lean: It's... It's just that... 
lean: It's just so large...and it looks so soft, too...
lean: Hey, how did it get so big? Do you mind if I—
luna: Wh-what?
luna: Huh? A-are you serious, Rin?
lean: I mean, we're both girls, so it's not weird, right? 
lean: It's for educational purposes!
luna: And what kind of education would that be... 
luna: Okay, fine... Just for a second.
lean: Great! Thanks.
dust: In that case, I'll just reach in there and...
lean: Hey, this is none of your business. 
lean: Besides, you can't! You're a boy, after all.
dust: That's unfair! It's sexist even! I should have just as much right as you do!
luna: Dust, you really need to think before you speak in public.
lean: Keep talking and you'll have a lawsuit on your hands.
dust: Whatever. I'm not here for that anyway.
dust: So, Rin. You got some free time?
lean: Yeah... What do you want?
dust: Dinner's on me tonight. Keith and Taylor are coming too.
lean: What was that?
dust: Keith and Taylor are—
lean: No, no, before that! You're paying for dinner?
luna: Dust, are you sure you're feeling all right?
dust: What kinda guy do you think I am? I treat my friends to dinner every once in a while!
dust: It's an important day: the anniversary of forming our party.
Staff: Sorry to keep you waiting! Here's your frog stew and two warm milks.
lean: When was the last time you treated me to something? 
lean: Maybe hell really has frozen over...
dust: Hey now, I always thank you every day, right? 
dust: I just wanted to express my gratitude in a different way.
dust: And I just so happened to hit it big today.
lean: Dust never acts like this, even when he does win big... I wonder if he's actually sincere this time.
lean: I don't think I've ever seen this side of you before. Maybe you aren't as selfish as I thought.
Staff: Here's the cheese fondue and butter risotto you ordered!
lean: Wait, why does everything have milk in it? Are you just ordering this because you like it?
dust: Hehe! You noticed!
dust: Like I said, this is my way of thanking you for all that you do each and every day.
dust: I've thought about it for a long time: What is it that my party is missing?
dust: But seeing Luna's chest today made me realize!
lean: Ungh...
dust: I asked Luna what she eats every day, and she told me she eats plenty of cheese and dairy.
dust: So I think this'll help with your problem, Rin. There's no need to thank me.
lean: Ungh...
Staff: Here you go! One extra-large bucket of milk pudding!
dust: Eat all you like! Don't let any go to waste! That way you can be like Luna and—
lean: THAT'S NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS!!
dust: Urk!
lean: You're the WORST!
dust: What? I simply saw that you had a problem, and was kind enough to offer my help!
lean: You really have no shred of decency, do you?!
lean: I don't HAVE a problem! I LIKE the way I am! And who are YOU to decide what I want?!
dust: Okay, fine! If that's the way you think, then you won't mind me checking the size for myself!
dust: I'm warning you, though. I've got high stand—
lean: You want another one?
dust: Urgh! I was gonna say no, thank you!
dust: It's because you eat nothing but vege—
lean: Hmph! Here's two more for ya!
dust: Agh... Ugh... Unnh...
lean: Dust... You're a real jerk! Think on that while you're out cold!
lean: I... I don't care about stuff like that, not one bit... 
lean: Of course, it'd be a waste to leave all this food.
lean: Seriously! It's the furthest thing from my mind! *Nom nom*
ナレーション: Rin ate all of the remaining food, with Dust sprawled out on the floor.
