Lia - P1
ナレーション: Lia, Erika, and Cielo were discussing how to boost their group's popularity...
lia: It's been just over a year since we formed Axel Hearts. 
lia: It seems like it was just yesterday.
cielo: We've had shows outside of Axel, but we've still got a long way to go as dancers.
erica: People just don't understand! My cuteness is just way ahead of the curve!
lia: Still, we've got to do something about it. We should find a way to get more fans, don't you think?
lia: I'd say there are two ways to go about building our fame. The first is expanding our repertoire of skills as idols.
lia: Or we could work harder at what we're already good at. 
lia: Which would be better?
cielo: Further polish, or fix our weak points... It's a tough choice.
erica: I see what you're saying, Lia, but you're much too stubborn. 
erica: First of all, we need to focus on the root of the problem.
lia: The root of the problem? What do you mean?
erica: Remember our performance yesterday?
erica: I was in the middle of my solo... If you close your eyes, you can hear the crowd cheering me on, right?
cielo: Yeah, you do have a lot of hardcore fans, Erika.
erica: Ahh! The fates were truly smiling down upon me when they decided to give me such an incredibly cute form!
lia: So, what are you getting at?
erica: Ahem... You want to know why I have so many zealous fans? 
erica: It's because I'm not just cute, I'm charming too!
erica: In other words, you two are lacking in charm! Especially you, Lia!
lia: Huh? M-me?!
cielo: I... I suppose I'm not all that charming either...
erica: You're fine, Cielo. We all know you're not good with guys, so you're better off that way.
erica: But you, Lia... You really need to step up your game! Lately, you've been more cool than cute.
erica: You'll never be a famous dancer if you're not cute!
lia: I suppose that does stand to reason. But I don't understand this "charm" you're after...
erica: It's simple. In a nutshell, charm boils down to... 
erica: Cute moves and a cuter smile!
erica: Now, show me what you've got! We want people to remember you!
lia: I don't like being put on the spot like this...
cielo: Okay, how about you show her how it's done, Erika?
lia: Ah... I-I'd appreciate that.
erica: Okay, if I have to... 
erica: Watch closely!
erica: I'm Erika, the cutie of Axel Hearts! Okay, everyone! Ready your hearts... 
erica: Go, Axel!
lia: That soft tone, those smooth movements... 
lia: I can't!
erica: Don't give me that! Just get up there and do it! You're our leader, aren't you?
cielo: Lia, you know better than to give up on something before you've even tried it.
lia: All right. 
lia: I'll give it a shot.
erica: First, we'll start with your posture!
lia: U-umm... 
lia: Like this?
erica: You call that a smile? Mind the angle of your arms!
cielo: Lia, remember you're in front of an audience!
lia: I didn't expect you to be so harsh too, Cielo... O-okay, how about this?
erica: Very good. Now say your line!
lia: A-Axel Hearts!
erica: You just shouted our group's name like a special attack! That wasn't cute at all!
erica: Now try again, but cuter! Give us a more natural smile!
lia: I-is this okay?
cielo: Yikes, Lia... You look like you're angry at someone.
erica: Forget it. You can take attention away from your face with 
erica: your moves. Look lively! Try hopping around and stuff!
lia: Hyup! Haaah!
erica: Not good enough! Cuter!
cielo: Lia, try putting your hands on your head like bunny ears.
lia: Hah, haaah!
erica: That's a little bit better, I guess... Now, give us 
erica: a playful pose. Ready, go!
lia: Are you trying to make fun of me?
erica: No, no, no! You need to look more inviting than that! 
erica: Glance upward, pleadingly... Really knock 'em dead!
lia: My eyes may be cool, but my heart is on fire! 
lia: We can have a hot time together!
cielo: That's a lot better, Lia! You remind me of Erika...
erica: Finally, you need to put it all together! Give us your best, with your cutest voice!
lia: All eyes are on me! 
lia: Bam!
erica: Okay, that's enough for today! You're showing improvement.
cielo: Good work, Lia. I'll put on some tea for us.
lia: ...I'm beat. This is way tougher than our usual practice. Will all this really make us famous?
lia: No, I need to have more faith in my friends. I need to practice more while it's still fresh in my mind.
lia: We can have a hot time together! 
lia: All eyes are on me! 
lia: Bam!
kazuma: ...
lia: K-Kazuma?! How long have you been standing there?
kazuma: Hey, Lia. How are you? Don't worry, I didn't see anything.
lia: Y-you liar! I bet you saw the whole thing... *Sob*
kazuma: Well, um, yeah... I guess I saw it all... 
kazuma: But hey, I thought you were pretty cute.
lia: You did?
kazuma: Yeah, I think people who are into that sort of thing will like it a lot.
lia: I'm not entirely sure, but I trust you, Kazuma. I'll try it out at our next show.
kazuma: Forgive me, Lia. You need to learn this lesson on your own. See the audience's reaction for yourself.
ナレーション: At their next show, Lia tried to be as cute as she could, but gave up after seeing the crowd's half-hearted reactions.
