Lia - P4
lia_stage: The last show of our tour was quite a hit. Thanks for all the hard work, you guys.
erica_stage: I hope I looked cute despite how exhausted I was. 
erica_stage: I can still hear everyone cheering us 
erica_stage: on, though! I'm so glad we pushed through!
cielo_stage: Me too! 
cielo_stage: We finally get a day off tomorrow, though, 
cielo_stage: let's enjoy it! What are you two planning to do?
erica_stage: Hmm... I haven't really thought about it.
lia_stage: Well, I have plans to go to the hot 
lia_stage: springs with a special someone.
Cielo, Erika: A special someone?!
erica_stage: Lia, do you have a boyfriend?! 
erica_stage: You can't! Remember what Kazuma said?! Dancers can't have romantic relationships!
cielo_stage: Our Lia became a woman!
lia_stage: What are you talking about? 
lia_stage: Obviously, I meant Konjiro. 
erica_stage: Konjiro?
lia_stage: I made reservations for us at the Arcanretia hot spring ages ago!
cielo_stage: Wait, you made reservations for Konjiro too?
lia_stage: We'll be sharing a room. Oh, but don't worry. I won't 
lia_stage: let the room get messy, I swear. 
lia: Konjiro! Are you okay? Being stuffed into the bag 
lia: must've been hard, but look! We've arrived at Arcanretia!
Konjiro: Wow! What a lovely room!
lia: Right?! And what's better, there's a hot spring nearby! 
lia: Hehe. Isn't it nice traveling together like this?
Konjiro: Yeah! I'm having the time of my life!
lia: I wonder if I should have booked a smaller room. This one feels a little big for us.
lia: I'm probably over thinking it. 
lia: All right, let's get some lunch, then head to the hot spring.
lia: I remember doing a show in this square. It feels like ages 
lia: ago. If I recall correctly, there should be a cafe just—
Male Fan: E-Excuse me! You wouldn't happen to be Lia from the group Axel Hearts, would you?!
lia: Yes, that's me.
Male Fan: I knew it! I'm a huge fan! Do you think I could get your autograph?
lia: Oh, of course. 
lia: Hey, wait a minute! This is a registration form for the Order of Axis?!
Male Fan: Don't worry the small details! If you sign now, you'll get an entire year's supply of our edible soap!
lia: I don't want it! Stop trying to force the pen into my 
lia: hand! P-Please, someone help!
cielo: Get away from Lia this instant! I'm not moving from this spot until you do!
lia: Cielo?!
Male Fan: Cielo, is that really you! This is perfect! I can get your autograph too!
lia: Wait! If you touch her—!
cielo: NOOOOOO!!! GET AWAY FROM ME!!!
Male Fan: Hrrrngh! Long live...the Order of Axis...
cielo: I couldn't manage to keep myself from hitting him...
lia: This time, I have no complaints. I was almost forced to sign 
lia: that form. But what are you doing here, anyway?
cielo: To be honest, I was worried about you so I got on the first coach heading this direction.
lia: You were that worried?
cielo: Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt your vacation. I'll head home and leave you alone.
lia: Hey, wait! 
lia: There's no need to rush off. Since you're already here, how about we get some lunch?
cielo: Are you sure?
lia: Of course!
cielo: Enjoying some nice food... Seeing the sights... Today sure was a wonderfully relaxing day.
lia: The only down side was that recruiter. 
lia: I'm glad you followed 
lia: me, though. To be honest, I was feeling a bit lonely.
cielo: Aw, Lia...
lia: How about we finish this wonderful day with a dip in the hot springs to melt away our—
erica: What's this? Well if it isn't Lia and Cielo! What an 
erica: absolute, unplanned coincidence this is!
lia: E-Erika?! You followed me too?!
erica: N-No! Like I said, co-in-ci-dence! The coach I boarded just 
erica: happened to be one headed to Arcanretia, so I—
cielo: Sounds like you were worried about Lia too.
erica: Ack!
erica: I-I just couldn't help thinking about whoever's going to have to clean up Lia's room after she makes a mess.
erica: It's Lia's fault for making me worry about her in the first 
erica: place! I...am sorry for tagging along, though.
lia: I'm happy you're here. We were just about to head to the hot spring. Why don't you join us?
erica: R-Really? 
erica: Well, I mean, if you insist.
lia: I guess I have a hard time relaxing without the two of you 
lia: around. We've never been on a vacation with just us, either.
lia: With Konjiro, this is our first ever four-person vacation.
cielo: So you are counting Konjiro too.
lia: Of course I am. After all, Konjiro is essentially the fourth member of Axel Hearts!
erica: Axel Hearts has three members! That's how we introduce ourselves at every show!
lia: Hmph, trivial details. Come on, let's go enjoy the hot spring!
erica: Lia, this is no trivial detail!
cielo: Erika, try to calm down!
lia: Hehe, it really is more fun when we're all together.
ナレーション: The three continued to enjoy their time in Arcanretia, chatting boisterously late into the evening...
