Cielo - P4
ナレーション: After receiving an invitation from her aunt and uncle, Cielo made her way to their estate...
Cielo's Uncle: Thank you for coming, Cielo. I apologize for asking you here on such short notice.
cielo: It's been too long, Uncle. What was the reason you asked 
cielo: me to visit?
Cielo's Aunt: We've already spoken to your parents, but we'd like to discuss a possible arranged marriage.
cielo: A-An arranged marriage?! Hold on a moment! Why am I the last 
cielo: to hear about this? 
Cielo's Uncle: He is a man befitting a daughter of the Reuentahl house. He will be a fine match.
Cielo's Aunt: He is both honest and kind. I am certain you will find him to your liking, Cielo.
cielo: Wh-What am I going to do? I'm not ready for something like this.
cielo: Kazuma! KAZUMA! Please help me!
kazuma: Whoa! What's going on? Is something wrong?
cielo: My parents have set up an arranged marriage for me!
darkness: An arranged marriage? I suppose you are of noble birth, so this was to be expected sooner or later, but...
aqua: Even meeting with a potential partner seems pretty impossible given Cielo's fear of men...
cielo: Aqua's right. I'm still uncomfortable around men. And I want to keep performing with 
cielo: Axel Hearts!
cielo: I'll do anything to get out of this. Anything! Please, will 
cielo: you help me?!
kazuma: As a producer, I cannot allow my girls to even think about getting married.
darkness: Is there anything you can do, though? 
darkness: You're not thinking of going undercover as a butler again, are you?
kazuma: I have a couple ideas, but...
kazuma: Hmm... Everything I can think of comes with its own set of risks.
cielo: Kazuma, if there's something I can do, just tell me. 
cielo: I'll do anything!
kazuma: Anything, huh? In that case, I have only one request. Don't hit me. 
kazuma: If you do, I'll charge you for the medical bills.
darkness: Why would she hit you? 
darkness: What horrible, disgusting things are you going to make her do? !
kazuma: I'll go with Cielo to her meeting and pretend to be her boyfriend. That should make the other guy back off.
aqua: You really think you can pull something like that off?! 
aqua: You were nothing but a shut-in NEET in your past life!
kazuma: I'm neither a NEET nor a shut-in! I'm a bona fide 
kazuma: adventurer now!
kazuma: This is the fastest way to ruin an arranged marriage I can 
kazuma: think of, but it won't work if you end up hitting me.
cielo: I-I'll do it! I promise not to hit you! C-Can we do a 
cielo: practice round first, though?!
kazuma: Okay. Aqua, you be the uncle. Darkness, you're the aunt. All right, ready? 
kazuma: And action!
Aqua (Uncle): Ahem... Kazuma Satou, might I inquire as to your relation 
Aqua (Uncle): with our dear Cielo?
kazuma: We began as simply coworkers, but something more than 
kazuma: friendship blossomed! Cielo and I are madly in love!
cielo: M-M-Madly in love?!
Darkness (Aunt): Oh? Why do you look so flustered, dear? Something seems 
Darkness (Aunt): suspicious. Are you two actually in love?
cielo: O-Of course we are! 
cielo: Kazuma and I t-truly...
Darkness (Aunt): Words alone are not enough! If you two are truly in love, 
Darkness (Aunt): then I must insist you demonstrate it right here!
cielo: Whaaat?! You want a demonstration? 
cielo: But how...?
Aqua (Uncle): If that's too much to ask, then I'm afraid I cannot accept 
Aqua (Uncle): your relationship! Mwahaha!
kazuma: That's going a bit far, but I guess it's not impossible. 
kazuma: Cielo, put on your gloves like before and close your eyes.
cielo: G-Got it!
cielo: I can't believe Kazuma is doing all this just to help me. How exactly is he planning to 
cielo: prove we're in love, though?
cielo: I doubt just holding hands is good enough. The only other 
cielo: things I can think of are a hug or a k— *Gasp*
kazuma: Seeing you wear 50 pairs of gloves never ceases to amaze. 
kazuma: Okay, now we hold hands and 
kazuma: try to look as in love— 
cielo: Stay awaaaaaay! I can't do it!
kazuma: Hrnff! You said you wouldn't hit me!
cielo: Oh, no! I-I'm so sorry!
aqua: You all right? 
aqua: It's kind of on you for not seeing that coming. 
lia: What happened?!
lia: I heard a giant crash all the way outside!
darkness: Oh, Lia. It's nothing to worry about. Cielo just gave 
darkness: Kazuma a little tap to the face.
kazuma: A little tap? Easy for you to say...
lia: Cielo, this letter just arrived for you at the house.
cielo: F-For me?
cielo: This is addressed from my uncle. Let's see...
cielo: "It has come to light the man you were to meet is already seeing another woman. The arrangement has been called off."
aqua: What?! He was planning to meet you even though he's seeing someone else? Scum! Worse than Kazuma!
cielo: Still, this is great news. Now that the arrangement has been called off, I don't have to worry anymore.
kazuma: Um... I'm glad everything worked out, but I could use a little help here. That was one hell of an uppercut.
cielo: Oh, Kazuma! I'm so sorry! Still, thank you so much for 
cielo: trying so hard to help me!
kazuma: Don't mention it. As your producer, I'm just glad I don't have to lose you as a dancer.
cielo: I do hope I can overcome my fear of men one day and 
cielo: eventually find love. 
ナレーション: Cielo began to blush as she imagined the possible future stretched before her...
