Cielo - P3
cielo: Um, what should we do for the choreography in our next show?\n
cielo: It's a bigger event than usual, so we should be extra bold.
cielo: Eeek!
banil: Oh dear, I'm sorry.
cielo: Aaaaaaaaah... 
cielo: Wait, huh?
cielo: 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
cielo: 　
banil: Hmm...
cielo: Vanir? I'm sorry for bumping into you like that.\n
cielo: I was thinking about something.
banil: No, it was my fault for not looking where I was going.
ナレーション: Cielo's eyes followed Vanir as he entered Wiz's shop...
cielo: From the looks of it, he's definitely a man. So...why? 
cielo: Does this mean I've finally conquered my fear?
cielo: Lia, Erika! Listen, I think I've finally managed to conquer my biggest weakness!
lia: Your weakness? You mean your fear of men?
cielo: Yeah! I bumped into a man and I didn't even punch him!
erica: Really? This coming from the girl who wears fifty pairs of gloves just to shake someone's hand?
lia: Cielo isn't the type to lie about something like this.\n
lia: All of her hard work must have paid off.
cielo: Yeah! It was worth all that effort!
kazuma: What's up? You're all awfully cheery. You wanted to talk?
cielo: Oh, Kazuma! Excellent timing!
erica: Cielo bumped into a man, but she didn't punch him.
kazuma: Wow, I'd call that significant progress! I guess the meet-and-greets are paying off.
cielo: Um... Kazuma? Thank you.
cielo: I was worried that even with the meet-and-greets, I still wouldn't be able to get over my fear.
cielo: But the repeated practice helped, just like you said!\n
cielo: You really can improve through training!
kazuma: Yeah, if that's what got you over your phobia, that's great!
cielo: So, um... Kazuma... Do you think I could shake your hand as thanks?
kazuma: Hm? Well... I mean, I know what's going to happen here. I'm definitely getting punched.
kazuma: No thanks! I don't want to get socked again!\n
kazuma: Before I shake your hand, try it out with Dust first!
cielo: Th-that's so mean. I can't believe you.
erica: What's with you, Kazuma? Take that back!
kazuma: Grr...
lia: As her producer, she wanted to tell you directly. Do it for her sake.
kazuma: Well, if she really can shake hands now, we'll see a boost in revenue at our handshake sessions. 
kazuma: Here you go.
cielo: Kazuma... Thank you so much!
ナレーション: Cielo took Kazuma's hand with a bright smile, and then...
cielo: Eeeeeeeeeeeek!
kazuma: Oof! I knew it!
cielo: Wh-what?! I-I'm so sorry!
kazuma: She's fast. I knew it was coming and still got hit. She's definitely improving as a martial artist.
cielo: But... I thought I conquered my fear!
lia: It might depend on the man you're dealing with.
lia: Tell me, Cielo. What was the man you bumped into like?
cielo: Um, he's the guy in the mask that works at Wiz's shop.
erica: You mean Vanir? He's not a man, he's a demon.
kazuma: She's right. Demons don't have a gender, even if they appear otherwise.
cielo: I see... *Sigh* I guess it's back to square one.
lia: Don't be sad. We'll always have your back.
cielo: Lia...
erica: Right. As long as you keep dancing, you'll get past it!
cielo: Erika... 
cielo: Thank you both.
cielo: You're right. I might not be there yet, but one day I'll be able to touch a man without issues!
kazuma: I know you're trying to put a positive spin on this, but I still got punched, you know.
