Cielo - P1
ナレーション: After their show finished, Cielo and her companions were swarmed by their fans as they exited the theater...
cielo: Ah... Ahh...
Fan A: Cielo, today's show was totally fantastic! You really are a wonderful dancer!
cielo: Th-thank you so much. Please come and see us again.
lia: Don't be so nervous. It's rude to the fans.
erica: You're the one who said you'd try harder at this, right? I'm not seeing much of a difference at all.
cielo: I know, but...
Fan B: Oh, Cieloooooo! Marry me! I beg youuuuuu!
cielo: Huh?
lia: H-hey, Cielo. What's the matter?
cielo: Sorry, I just got startled and...
Fan C: Cielo, you're so cute when you're scared... I have a present for you! Homemade cookies!
cielo: Ahh... U-umm... You see...
erica: I'm so sorry, but our producer is very strict about us not taking gifts from our fans.
lia: Please come and see our show again. That'll make Cielo happier than any present.
Fan D: That's right, Cielo's afraid of men, so don't crowd her. If you're a true fan, just enjoy the show!
cielo: Ungh...
cielo: Lia, Erika... Thanks for backing me up. I'm just useless when I'm around a man.
erica: You should really be saying that to your fans, not us. That one guy even made cookies for you.
cielo: Ah... Y-you're right...
lia: There's no need to worry, the fans understand. You just need to work on getting over your fears.
cielo: Still, I know I'm holding back Axel Hearts. I don't want to cause you two any more trouble. 
cielo: I can do this!
cielo: Lia! Erika! I'm turning over a new leaf!
cielo: I will never punch a man again! And if I happen to accidentally hit one...
cielo: I'll quit being a dancer!
lia: Whoa! Slow down, Cielo! Don't make promises you can't keep!
cielo: I can keep it! As a pro dancer, I've got to do at least that much...
Bystander: Somebody stop that man! He stole my bag!
Thief: Haha! It's your own fault for not paying attention!
lia: A thief?
erica: He's coming this way!
Thief: Move it! Get out of my way!
lia: Not a chance! Hand over the bag!
Thief: Tch... You stupid kid! If you wanna get hurt, then—
cielo: Eeeeeeeeekkkkkk!
ナレーション: The thief tried to crash into Cielo, but was sent flying through the air by a powerful uppercut...
Thief: Ngh... Argh...
cielo: Aww... A-and I just promised I wouldn't do that!
erica: Now, now... You were simply helping a person in need.\n
erica: Listen to what everybody is saying.
Axel Resident A: Hey, was there some kind of trouble here?
Axel Resident B: That little girl took out that thief with a single punch. You saw that too, right?
Axel Resident C: Wait, isn't that Cielo from Axel Hearts? I didn't know she was so tough! Incredible!
lia: Everyone's talking about how great you were.
cielo: I guess they are...
erica: Look at it this way. You can beat up anyone you like... As long as they aren't our fans.
lia: She shouldn't beat anyone up, whether they're fans or not. 
lia: Still, that was a good deed you did.
cielo: I g-guess I can actually be helpful sometimes, too...\n
cielo: Hehe, that's quite a confidence booster.
cielo: A-although, I really need to stop hitting people.
Thief: D-d-don't do that!
erica: Huh?! 
erica: So you're awake, you thief! Have you still not learned—
Thief: The way you hit me... It was so exciting!
Thief: I'm embarrassed about stealing that bag. From this day forth, I'm a new man. I promise to give up my life of crime.
cielo: Th-that's good, I guess...
Thief: Oh, you still doubt me? I suppose I can understand that. After all, I was just a thief until now!
Thief: So there's no need to hold back. Go on and wallop me some more, until I've paid for my crimes!
cielo: What?
Bystander: Hang on now! Don't be so selfish!
lia: Isn't that...the man whose bag was stolen?
Bystander: Why should you be the only one getting hit? It was my bag, so I'm partly responsible. Hit me too!
cielo: Eh? I, uh...
Fan A: That's enough! It's safe to say we all feel the same!
Fan B: That's right! We didn't want a handshake from her... We wanted a good punch in the face!
Fan C: Cielo... I mean, Madam Cielo! Please strike me in your special way!
cielo: F-f-forgive me, but that's not what I do!
erica: You said you wanted to get over your fears, but it looks like embracing them might win us more fans.
cielo: Ugh... Stop picking on me, Erika.
