Cielo - P2
cielo: Okay, drop and give me a hundred!
kazuma: Whaaaaaat?
ナレーション: One day, Kazuma asked Cielo to teach him some of her self-defense techniques...
cielo: You help us each and every day, Kazuma.\n
cielo: I'd be happy to teach you all about self-defense!
kazuma: Now hold on! I just want to know some moves I can use to stay safe when the fighting gets too close.
cielo: You have to hone your body before you learn any moves! You can't master a technique without a proper foundation!
kazuma: Hey, are you even listening to me?
cielo: I'll hit you if you touch me, so let's use practice swords. 
cielo: You're not bending your arms enough!
kazuma: Oww!
lia: Kazuma really chose the wrong teacher.
erica: When it comes to fighting, Cielo doesn't hold back.
kazuma: Y-you could've told me that first, you know!
cielo: Okay, now do a hundred chin-ups!
kazuma: This isn't what I signed up for! How'd this happen? Hey, Lia, Erika! Stop staring and help me!
lia: Sorry, you're on your own. Not even I can stop her once she's gotten started.
kazuma: P-please! I just wanted to learn something simple!
cielo: Silence! That's ten more chin-ups for you!
kazuma: Unghhh... My arms are gonna fall off!
cielo: Stop being so weak!
lia: She's the devil.
erica: She sure is.
cielo: Now, put on those iron sandals I made and run to that hill!
kazuma: Wait a minute! That much stress can't be good for my body!
cielo: It's not really training if it's not strenuous! That's what my master taught me.
cielo: Just go home if you don't have the guts!
kazuma: Well, if that's an option...
cielo: You can go home after your training is over!
kazuma: Why wait? I don't even want to be here! This wasn't the deal!
kazuma: I'll die for sure if I train with her much longer... I'm gonna wait for an opening and escape!
kazuma: Please, just let me go already... I'm seriously on the brink of death here.
kazuma: You've been glued to my side for the past two hours now. How can I escape with you breathing down my neck?
cielo: That's the spirit, Kazuma! If you think you're about to die, that means you're in the zone!
kazuma: She's not even listening!
？？？: How are you all doing?
kazuma: Darkness, what are you doing here?
darkness: I heard from Lia and the others that you were out here having fun without me.
kazuma: Fun? What about this is FUN?! My body's in ruins!
darkness: O-oh, my... 
darkness: Cielo! May I train with you too?
cielo: Sure, you're welcome to jump in.
cielo: But I won't go easy on you.
darkness: Perfect.
cielo: If you're not prepared, you'll end up beaten and broken like Kazuma over there.
darkness: Stop teasing me like that!
darkness: O-of course, it's not like I want to suffer for no reason... 
darkness: I just can't stand the idea of Kazuma doing this alone!
cielo: Darkness, you're a true friend!
kazuma: Uhh...
kazuma: Wait, this might be my chance... With Darkness here, Cielo will have to watch the both of us.
kazuma: That means she'll have to go easier on me!
ナレーション: A few minutes later...
cielo: You call that a squat? Lower! Keep going!
kazuma: *Pant pant* *Wheeze*
darkness: So much weight... I've never trained so hard before! Any more and my thighs will burst!
cielo: So? Are you quitting on me?
darkness: Never!
cielo: Glad to hear it, Darkness! Here, you get even more weight as a reward!
kazuma: Wait! Wait! Wait! What's that got to do with me? 
kazuma: Ah!
darkness: Kazuma! Hang in there!
darkness: Ungh... Cielo, I have a request. Please, take Kazuma's weights and give them to me!
cielo: You're a true crusader! Such incredible endurance, and the burning desire to protect your comrades. 
cielo: I salute you!
cielo: But putting more weight on you would—
darkness: I'm fine. It's a crusader's duty to protect her allies!
kazuma: Darkness! Every time you push yourself, I get caught in the middle! Knock it off already!
cielo: It looks like you've still got some strength left, Kazuma.\n
cielo: Here you go... Take some more weight.
kazuma: Curse yooouuu!
darkness: How brutal... G-give me some, too!
ナレーション: The next day, Kazuma was too sore to move, while Cielo and Darkness became even closer...
