Erika - P1
ナレーション: The Axel Hearts dance group had just finished a rousing performance in the town of Axel...
erica: Next up, we have the individual photo session.\n
erica: This way, all you Erika fans! 
Erika Fan A: Finally! My magi-camera is rarin' to go!
erica: Make sure to capture my beauty on film! First...
erica: I'll give you a standard cute pose!
Erika Fan B: S-s-so cuuute! You're the epitome of cuteness, Erika!
cielo: Yikes... Erika's fans sure are passionate.
lia: She never forgets the fans, even when she's not on stage. Erika is a real pro.
erica: A cute turned-back pose! And a tilt-to-the-right pose!\n
erica: I'm cute from every angle, aren't I?
Erika Fan C: You're so cute! Erika! Erika! That's our Erika!
lia: I wonder if I could pose like that...
cielo: I don't think I could.
erica: Hey! Lia, Cielo, don't just stand there looking dumb. Strike a cute pose already!
erica: You're dancers, right? Here to please your fans? Don't tell me you're too shy!
lia: Yeah, you're right. I'll do my best.
cielo: M-me too! I'll do my best to make the fans just as happy as Erika does!
Lia Fan: Wow, Lia! You're so cool. Can you sweep your hair up a bit?
lia: Um, like this?
Lia Fan: Perfect! Ahh, I want to burn this sight right into my retinas!
Cielo Fan: Your smile is getting better and better, Cielo!
cielo: Aha... Ahaha... Thank you so much.
erica: Lia and Cielo have more enthusiastic fans than I do...\n
erica: They aren't cuter than me, are they?
Erika Fan A: Nonsense! What are you saying, Erika?
Erika Fan B: That's right. We're here and we promise that you're the cutest of the bunch, Erika!
erica: Oh? Really? I'm the cutest dancer?
Erika Fan C: No, the cutest in the whole world!
erica: Ah, you're so honest! Here's my hottest pose!\n
erica: Now, 
erica: get ready for some good shots!
Erika Fans: Oooooohhh!
erica: I don't know how I could doubt my cuteness for even a moment. Look at all these fans!
Erika Fan A: Erika, could you give us a different pose for the next shot?
erica: Heh. How's this?
Erika Fan B: Wow... Calling you incredible would be an understatement! Erika, you are the best!
Erika Fan C: Next, could you give us a cute, longing look?
erica: Hm... Like this?
Erika Fan A: Yeah, that's perfect! Your cuteness is off the charts!
Erika Fan B: Erika is squeezing out more charm than I ever thought possible!
erica: Everybody's under the spell of my undeniable cuteness.\n
erica: It's kind of embarrassing, but there's no harm in it.
Erika Fan A: That's the spirit! Say, how about a sillier pose? Like this, maybe? 
erica: Huh? I thought I was supposed to be looking cute...
Erika Fans: Oh, but if it's you, it'll still be cute!
erica: Oh! Well, if you say so!
erica: There. How's that?
Erika Fans: Whoooaaahh!
Erika Fan A: Erika's pretty open to suggestions today!
Erika Fan B: I wonder what other kinds of shots we could get?
Erika Fan C: Okay, this is it...our final request!
Erika Fans: Dear, cute Erika! Would you please let us get a few shots from some different angles?
erica: If I have to!
lia: No, you don't have to
lia: !
erica: Ouch! Why did you hit me just now? You're not...jealous of my cuteness, are you?
cielo: Th-that's not it. Lia was simply looking out for you.
lia: She's right. Photographers like this don't always have the best ideas for shots. To say the least. 
erica: Really? Wait, did I...\n
erica: I can't believe...
erica: They're right! Ugh, I can't believe I was doing all those totally not-cute poses! That was close!
erica: Thank you, Lia. I've come to my senses!
erica: As for you guys... Your little games are over! No more photos for you!
Erika Fan A: I'm sorry! You're just too cute, Erika!
Erika Fan B: Your charms were simply too much for me.
Erika Fan C: Please forgive me. We'll stick to just the cute stuff next time. After all, you're just the cutest girl in the whole world, Erika!
erica: Cute? 
erica: ...Did you say I'm the cutest girl in the world?
erica: Well, what can I do if you say—
lia: Knock. It. 
lia: Off.
cielo: You said dancers are supposed to help lift people up, but you're the one getting carried away.
erica: Ungh... I'll be more careful.
ナレーション: After that, Erika's photo sessions were monitored much more closely.
