Erika - P3
erica: Today's show was a big hit.
lia: Yeah, I never get tired of the rush of performing.
cielo: The audience seemed quite happy, too.
kazuma: Hey, good work up there. The audience really liked your performance. Why not give them a little fan service?
erica: Fan service?
kazuma: An impromptu autograph session. Events like that keep people coming back again and again.
lia: I see. Well, you know best about these things.
cielo: I like it! I've been wanting to let the fans see more of my smile!
erica: Umm...
kazuma: What's wrong, Erika? This seems like something you'd be excited about.
erica: I-I have plans today, so...
kazuma: I see... 
kazuma: But I think the adorable Erika would be one to put her fans above any personal plans.
erica: A-Adorable?! 
erica: Oh, Kazuma... You know me too well. I'll happily do an autograph sess—
erica: W-wait... I can't. I know I'm cute, but I can't do it today.\n
erica: These plans can't wait! Bye!
Kazuma, Lia, Cielo: Whaaat?!
lia: She said no, even after Kazuma called her adorable.
cielo: There must be a serious reason.\n
cielo: Maybe she got food poisoning or something?
kazuma: Still, she performed as usual on stage today. I know her... If she was worried, she'd show it.
cielo: And yet, she was acting pretty strangely.\n
cielo: We should find out where she's going, just in case!
lia: Cielo, wait... 
lia: Let's go after her, Kazuma.
ナレーション: Erika was playing with a group of children near an old house in one of Axel's back alleys...
erica: Give it more energy! Put on a big smile!
Girl A: That's easy for you to say. This dance is hard!
erica: You don't have to be perfect at first, but if you keep at it,\n
erica: you'll be as cute as me someday!
Girl B: As cute as you, Erika?! I'll do my best!
Boy A: I want to hear one of your songs!
Boy B: Me too! C'mon, please!
erica: Okay! Watch carefully... It's a mega dose of cuteness!
kazuma: What's she doing here?
lia: It looks like a place for kids with...nowhere else to go.\n
lia: Do you think Erika used to live there?
cielo: I imagine so. She must've promised she'd play with them.
erica: La la lalalala ♪
Boy A: You're so cute!
Girl A: I want to be a dancer just like you when I grow up!
lia: She's here to cheer up children at her old orphanage.
cielo: So that what it was. She should've just told us.
kazuma: Ah! Hey!
cielo: Erika, you're not supposed to do that dance alone.
lia: Yeah, and the song is better with a harmony.
erica: Huh? Lia and Cielo?!
Boy B: Whoa! It's Axel Hearts!
erica: What are you two doing here?
lia: We don't need a reason. Axel Hearts is a trio.
cielo: This place took care of you, Erika. So we want to help...\n
cielo: Let us help you thank them.
erica: Thank you. 
erica: All right, then!
erica: All the world's cuteness in a single package!\n
erica: 1,000% pure cuteness? That's me, Erika!
cielo: So, you say you want to know who I am?\n
cielo: Guess who? It's me, Cielo!
lia: I may look cool, but my heart is on fire!\n
lia: Relax, you're with Lia now!
erica: And together, we're...
Axel Hearts: Axel Hearts!
Girl A: Wow! It really is Axel Hearts!
erica: Okay, here's one of our big hits... Bright Show!
ナレーション: The trio performed Bright Show like it was a real concert. The children were all smiles as they sung along...
kazuma: Shows like this aren't a bad idea, huh?
lia: People who are important to you are important to us too, Erika.
cielo: Make sure to invite us next time, okay?
erica: Sure thing!
Boy A: Hey! Can we shake your hand? Please!
erica: Hehe, I'm happy to shake hands with my younger fans.
ナレーション: And so, the group started putting on shows for their young fans regularly.
