Erika - P4
erica: The only way is the way of cuteness, and I'm living proof!
megumin: Are you joking? Being cool is way more important than being cute. 
megumin: Cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool!
erica: Cute, cute, cute, cute, cute, cute, cute!
megumin: It seems we've come to a stalemate. There's only one way to settle this. 
megumin: We shall flip a coin. If it comes up heads, then prepare to 
megumin: have coolness beat into you.
erica: And if it's tails, you'll enroll in Erika's Cuteness 101, I assume? 
erica: Fine, I accept your challenge! 
erica: It is I...Erika...the greatest dancer in the town of Axel...beloved for my cuteness...
megumin: Pathetic! Didn't I tell you when you arrived in the Crimson Demon Village? Pull yourself together!
erica: B-But I'm a dancer! It's my job to be cute, not cool!
megumin: Excuses aren't cool! I don't want to hear them! 
megumin: I'll cure you of that particular shortcoming in no time!
erica: This is way too hard...
megumin: Plus... If you manage to pull this off...
megumin: it'll up your cute game, too!
erica: It is I, Erika, the greatest dancer in the town of Axel! No heart can witness me without being moved!
megumin: That's the spirit! Now, let's fix the rest of your weird speaking habits.
megumin: For example, what do you say when you're sad?
erica: ...Waaahhh?
megumin: That isn't the least bit cool. 
megumin: Try this: 
megumin: Tears fall like rain upon my cheeks...
erica: That's...kind of long...
megumin: That's what makes it cool. And you have to strike a matching pose, too. 
megumin: None of that cutesy stuff.
megumin: Your posture must be both bewitching and mysterious, 
megumin: as if you're about to unleash your hidden power!
erica: L-Like this?
megumin: Just HOW is that bewitching, hm?! I won't allow such feeble posturing from my pupil!
erica: *Whine* 
erica: Tears fall like rain upon my cheeks!
erica_stage: The time has come. We must answer to those who yearn for salvation!
cielo_stage: Lia... Don't you think that Erika's been acting a little weird lately?
lia_stage: Yeah, it's a bit worrying. 
lia_stage: But I'm sure she'll be fine once she's out in front of the fans. 
lia_stage: Now, let's start the show! 
lia_stage: Hey, everybody! Thanks for comi—
erica_stage: Brace yourselves for the glory of my dance! 
erica_stage: It is I, Erika! The one prophesied to set your souls alight!
Fan A: Whoa, Erika seems really intense today...
erica_stage: Open your eyes and your hearts! Bear witness to the very soul of Axel Hearts! 
erica_stage: Bright Show!
Fan B: She's different...but I like this version of her too!
cielo_stage: Wh-What do we do?!
lia_stage: Ngh... The music has already begun. We have no choice!
erica_stage: Mwahahahaha! Dance, dance, dance your little hearts out! Let the power take hold as you feel the groove!
cielo_stage: Erika's not doing the right choreography!
lia_stage: This is bad! 
lia_stage: We'll have to improvise!
megumin: Bravo, Erika! Your show was marvelous.
erica: Be wary, friend. Stare too long into the abyss, and it will stare back at you.
megumin: Heh. It's good to see my training bear fruit. 
megumin: Very well. 
megumin: I admit it! You were cool today, Erika.
lia: So this was your idea, Megumin? It's all making sense now.
cielo: The fans seemed pretty excited, but... 
cielo: I think you're cuter as your usual self, Erika.
erica: ...True! I AM the very incarnation of cuteness, after all! 
erica: I've had enough of that cool stuff—
megumin: Your cuteness makes your coolness even better, you know?
erica: H-Huh?
megumin: Your fans were amazed, right? Only a real cutie could be as cool as you were tonight!
erica: My...cuteness makes my coolness even better? 
erica: I think I get it! I'll act like this from now on, then!
lia: No, Erika! Don't believe her lies!
cielo: Erika, please! Come back to us!
erica: I am the incarnation of cuteness itself, ascended from the chaos primordial to form a pact with my Crimson Demon friend!
ナレーション: The effects of Erika's coolness training lingered for some time, and she boldly introduced herself to any who would listen.
