Melissa - P1
ナレーション: Melissa gazes over the guild's bulletin board in search of her next prey...
melissa: Hm... What to hunt next? There aren't many worthwhile quests to be had right now.
melissa: This one has a nice reward, but it's much too difficult. Who here could take down an ancient dragon?
melissa: Axel's a town for novice adventurers. No one is strong enough to—
mitsurugi: Excuse me. I've defeated the ancient dragon.
melissa: What?! 
melissa: Did that man...really defeat an ancient dragon?
luna: Yes, your kill is confirmed. I thought it couldn't be done. 
luna: Here's your reward.
mitsurugi: Half the reward will do. Please donate the rest to the victims of the dragon's rampage. Farewell.
luna: Thank you very much for your generosity, Mitsurugi. You have touched many lives today.
melissa: Mitsurugi... 
melissa: I see. He's the sword master with the enchanted blade everyone's been talking about.
melissa: He's kinda cute, and he's definitely got money too. I think I can make use of him.
melissa: Hehe... I've found my prey at last.
mitsurugi: And for my next quest...
？？？: Aaaaaah... Someone help me!
mitsurugi: There's a woman in danger... 
mitsurugi: Are you all right?
melissa: I'm sorry. I sprained my ankle... I can't walk.\n
melissa: Um, could you rub it? I think that'll help.
mitsurugi: Rub it? I'm not capable of healing magic...
melissa: Hehe, you act worried, but you're enchanted by my legs. My beauty has ensnared countless men.
melissa: Please, my ankle aches. 
melissa: Relieve me of this pain!
mitsurugi: Right, I'll call a priest to perform healing. I'll bring a person I know at the church!
melissa: Huh? You don't need to—
mitsurugi: There's no need to be modest. Helping those in need is a hero's duty! Please wait here. I'll be right back!
melissa: Ah, wait! He's gone... He doesn't listen very well.
melissa: What's more, he didn't fall for my wiles. Fascinating.\n
melissa: A hero with a magic sword... I simply must have him.
melissa: My prey never escapes. Next time, I won't hold back!
mitsurugi: *Glug glug* 
mitsurugi: Hah... Nothing's better than some bubbly after a job. I hope one day I can raise a cup with the goddess herself.
melissa: Oh, if it isn't Mitsurugi.
mitsurugi: You're the woman who sprained her ankle, right? I was worried when I couldn't find you again.
melissa: Oh, that. A passing carriage was kind enough to pick me up. 
melissa: But I'm happy you were worried about me.
melissa: Oh, I can make it up to you by buying you a drink. Is this seat taken?
mitsurugi: No, go right ahead...
mitsurugi: Aren't you a bit close?
melissa: Oh, not at all. This is how close a man and a woman should be, don't you think?
mitsurugi: Is that so? I didn't suspect... I suppose I still have much to learn about the ways of the world.
melissa: Aww, pretending to act all sweet and naive. I know you're just hiding your raging emotions.
melissa: Hey, can I call you Mitsurugi? You can call me Melissa.
mitsurugi: Of course, Madam Melissa.
melissa: Ah, just Melissa, please. I prefer to be less formal with people I like.
mitsurugi: People you like? Who do you mean?
melissa: Don't be silly... I mean you, Mitsurugi.
mitsurugi: Me? Haha, it's an honor to make your acquaintance, Melissa.
melissa: This man... Is he simply a master of playing the fool, or is he actually this empty-headed?
melissa: So Mitsurugi, do you hold someone special in your heart?
mitsurugi: Of course. I'm a hero, so everyone in this world is special and deserving of my protection.
melissa: That's not exactly what I meant... Ehem.\n
melissa: Is there a special woman in your life?
mitsurugi: That could only be Lady Aqua. Without her, I wouldn't be where I am today.
melissa: Aqua? You mean the arch priestess who hangs out with Kazuma?
mitsurugi: The same. I revere her above all others!
melissa: But aren't her and Kazuma a thing?
mitsurugi: That's simply not possible! Lady Aqua is just... 
mitsurugi: She's being fooled by Kazuma Satou!
melissa: Do you really think so? When she looks at him, 
melissa: she has the eyes of a maiden in love.
mitsurugi: A maiden in l-l-love?! 
mitsurugi: Lady Aqua? With Kazuma Satou?!
melissa: Of course, it can't be true... 
melissa: He's shaken... Just one more push...
melissa: Sorry, but I think you're too late. Aqua belongs to Kazuma. 
melissa: She's got no taste, honestly. I would've picked you, Mitsurugi.
melissa: And unlike her, I'd do all sorts of things with—
mitsurugi: Curse you, Kazuma Satou! What did you do to Lady Aqua? 
mitsurugi: Did you drug her or something?! 
mitsurugi: Or is it blackmail?!
mitsurugi: Alas, I am the only hero who can save the fair Lady Aqua. 
mitsurugi: Wait for me, my goddess! I'll be right there at your side!
melissa: Huh? Where'd he go? 
melissa: He just...ignored me?
melissa: I used my most clever trap, and my prey still escaped!\n
melissa: Th-this won't do. 
melissa: This won't do at all!
melissa: There's something wrong with that thick-skulled hero! Who is this Lady Aqua, anyway? I'm much prettier than her!
melissa: Kyouya Mitsurugi, on my pride as a treasure hunter...\n
melissa: I'll make you mine if it's the last thing I do!
ナレーション: It seemed as if it was only a matter of time before Melissa made another move on Mitsurugi...
