Melissa - P3
melissa: Hehe, look at all these weaklings. Time to play!
Monsters: Grrraaaaaarrr...
megumin: She took down all of those monsters by striking their weak points in a single blow.
darkness: Not a single movement wasted.
aqua: What a show. 
aqua: Kazuma, on the other hand...
kazuma: Leave these guys to me! 
kazuma: Snipe!
Megumin & Darkness: ...
melissa: Your party is still terrible in fights, I see.
kazuma: Mind your own business! Us adventurers with lower job classes must rely on our wits to survive!
kazuma: Our crusader has muscles as hard as a rock, but she can't hit a thing. 
kazuma: Snipe!
darkness: M-my muscles aren't hard! Take that back!
kazuma: And our arch wizard is an Explosion-obsessed maniac, and she's worthless after she uses it. 
kazuma: Snipe!
megumin: I don't appreciate being called a maniac! You take that back!
kazuma: Worst of all is our useless goddess. 
kazuma: Snipe! It's because 
kazuma: of her 
kazuma: —Snipe!— 
kazuma: that we get in so much trouble! 
kazuma: Snipe!
aqua: You said you wouldn't call me that! Take it back!
melissa: I wanted more firepower, but Aqua, Megumin, and Darkness are pretty worthless. 
melissa: I might even be better on my own.
Giant Rodent: *Squeak squeak*
megumin: Ah! It's another monster!
aqua: That's a giant rat... Or wait, is it a hamster maybe?\n
aqua: Something this big goes way past cute and into creepy.
melissa: ...
kazuma: Hmph! It's still a rodent. I'll take care—
melissa: It's so fluffy-wuffy cute!
kazuma: What?
melissa: I've never seen something so adorable! Look at its twitchy little nose! The soft coat of fur! 
melissa: Let me pet you!
darkness: Wait, Melissa! We don't know what it might do. Stay away from that creature!
melissa: No! I won't run! I'll never run from such cuteness! This little guy will learn to love me!
melissa: Mmm, so fluffy... Something this pwecious could never be a mean old monster!
kazuma: It IS a monster! My Enemy Detection skill is going wild!
aqua: Yeah, it's totally a monster! 
aqua: Get away before you get hurt!
melissa: Yes, it is dangerous... By getting this close, 
melissa: I might fall in love with it forever!
darkness: It's like talking to a wall.
megumin: Now is the time for my explosion magic to shine!
kazuma: Melissa will get caught in the blast!\n
kazuma: We need to free her from that giant hamster!
kazuma: Okay, you pest! Try one of these on for size! 
kazuma: Sni—!
melissa: Stop! If you want to hurt this beautiful creature, you'll have to 
melissa: go through me first!
kazuma: Why are you defending a monster?! Get out of the way!
Giant Rodent: *Squeak squeak*
melissa: He's so fluffy! Look how fluffy he is! See his cute widdle whiskers?!
melissa: I'm gonna rub your pudgy widdle cheeks! Is that okay?
Giant Rodent: *Squeak squeak*
ナレーション: As Melissa leaned in toward the giant rat monster's cheeks, it chomped down on her head.
melissa: Eek! 
melissa: Eeeeeeek!
aqua: See, we told you that thing is a monster!
megumin: It's cute, but so very violent. What a terrifying combination!
darkness: Ooh, it's really gnawing on her head...\n
darkness: I wish that was me!
kazuma: You see what you're dealing with now, right? Right, we're putting it down.
melissa: No! Don't hurt my furry friend! He's just playing around! He's done nothing wrong!
aqua: Playing around? Then why do I see blood?!\n
aqua: Get over here so I can heal you!
kazuma: Enough already! I'm taking this thing out!
melissa: No! Not my hammy-wammy!
kazuma: Where did this come from?! Melissa is supposed to be cold and sadistic!
ナレーション: Kazuma decided that if he had to go on a quest with Melissa, he'd make sure none of their foes were cute and furry...
