Mia - P3
ナレーション: Kazuma and the others accompanied Mia and Amy to their hometown, the beastman village of Samuidoh...
miia: That's all for today's harvest!
kazuma_winter: Good work. We can make good money on these veggies.
megumin_winter: They were rather lively opponents.
darkness_winter: That corn packed a real wallop. Maybe we should take it...\n
darkness_winter: back to the mansion and keep it as a pet.
kazuma_winter: Don't even think about it.
miia: Everyone'll be happy if we ship 'em out while they're fresh!
aqua: Hey everyone, Amy made dinner for us.
Hurry up or we'll start without you!
miia: Oh! I really worked up an appetite out there. 
miia: It's chow time!
miia: Amy's cooking is always super yummy.
megumin: Yeah, the vegetables were especially good.
Amy: I thought you might still be hungry, so I made some pudding for dessert.
miia: I helped make it! Today's pudding is the best! 
miia: It's cooling in the snow outside. I'll go get it!
Amy: There's one for each of us.
kazuma: Thanks. I'm glad I helped collect those vege—
miia: Aaaaaaaaah!
Amy: Wh-what's wrong, Mia?!
miia: The pudding... 
miia: The pudding is gone!
ナレーション: Mia stood there with the empty containers and a forlorn expression on her face...
darkness: Did wild animals eat them all or something?
Amy: No, animals wouldn't be so neat about it.
miia: There were no tracks in the snow, either.
miia: So that means the pudding thief 
miia: is one of us!
megumin: Huh?!
kazuma: Really?
aqua: I-It wasn't me!
miia: I will solve this mystery here and now!
miia: First off, Amy can't be the culprit. She'd never do something to make me sad!
Amy: I appreciate your trust in me, Mia.
megumin: I went out with Darkness to use my explosion magic, so both of us have a rock-solid alibi.
darkness: If you don't believe us, just take a look at the crater it left.
kazuma: I was helping with the harvest. I'm sure the other beastmen saw me out there.
miia: Then that means... 
miia: Aqua is the culprit!
aqua: No, I'm not! I was relaxing in here the whole time! 
aqua: Amy can tell you that I never went into the kitchen!
Amy: Well, I wasn't in the kitchen the whole time. 
Amy: So I can't say for sure...
Amy: Oh!
darkness: What's wrong, Amy? Did you realize something?
Amy: Well, if we go back to the beginning... I was making the 
Amy: pudding as a surprise for all of you.
kazuma: So the one who did it had to know about the pudding? 
kazuma: That eliminates us as suspects then.
miia: Hmm... So who did it? Will this case go unsolved?
megumin: Wait a second... You said something before.
megumin: Mia, you said to us, "I helped make it! 
megumin: Today's pudding 
megumin: is the best!"
miia: Huh? Oh! Yeah, I said that.
megumin: How do you know how it tasted? Try to think back.
miia: Um, we made the pudding and I put it in the snow to chill. But then I got a little hungry 
miia: on my way to the fields...
miia: Then I got curious if the pudding was ready yet, and it was chilled, and looked really tasty... 
miia: Ah!
miia: I just wanted to see how it tasted, so I had a bite. 
miia: But then one wasn't enough, so...
miia: I totally forgot! I'm the culprit!
kazuma: So it was you!
Amy: Oh, Mia, you do love to eat. I'll make it again someday. 
Amy: Tonight, we'll have roasted sweet potatoes instead.
miia: Yay! Sweet potatoes! Sweet potatoes!
ナレーション: The group dug into a huge plate of sweet potatoes. Mia, of course, had the largest portion...
