Mia - P4
ナレーション: One day, Mia's eye landed on a flier that had been posted at the guild...
miia: A bird...?
luna: Well, if it isn't Mia. Are you interested in taking on that assault hawk bounty?
miia: This thing is an assault hawk? I was just thinking 
miia: that it looked super tasty!
luna: T-Tasty...? Those are the quest details, not a restaurant menu...
miia: I wanna have a taste of it... I'll hunt that hawk down and 
miia: have Amy cook me up a full-course meal!
luna: While I'm happy this quest has a taker, I must warn you there are a lot of enemies. You shouldn't go alone.
miia: Huh, really? But Amy's out shoppin', so I dunno if anybody else can help out...
melissa: I couldn't help but overhear you just now. If you want to hunt assault hawks, why not take me along?
miia: Oh, Melissa! You wanna help me out?!
melissa: Yes, of course. However, remember that I'm a treasure hunter. 
melissa: I'll be asking for a reward, no matter how the quest goes.
miia: It's all good! As long as I get to eat that giant bird! 
miia: You can have whatever you want, Melissa!
melissa: Whatever I want? Really? I'll be holding you to that, okay? 
melissa: Don't forget it! 
melissa: This is going to be so much fun!
Assault Hawk: Screeeeee!
miia: I heard there were a lot of 'em, but this is gettin' crazy! 
miia: We should be the ones attackin'!
melissa: Wait, you can't just throw your cute, fluffy self into a flock of ravenous beasts!
miia: Woo-hoo! I'm ready to eat!
melissa: It's no use, her appetite's taken over! 
melissa: I have to protect my favorite cute and fluffy girl!
miia: You're gonna be dinner by the time I'm done with ya!
melissa: Hrrraaaaaaaaahhh!
miia: This...is...
miia: SUPER TASTY!!!
miia: *Chomp chomp* *Munch munch* What a treat! Here, Amy! 
miia: You've gotta try this!
Amy: Hello, Melissa. Might I join you?
melissa: Sure, you big cutie! Come fill up your cute little belly with a heapin' helpin' of assault hawk, as Amy says.
miia: It's all thanks to you, Melissa! Oh, that's right! 
miia: I've gotta give you your reward!
miia: Here, this is the bounty for completin' the quest. I got to eat a tasty meal, so I'll give the rest to—
melissa: Don't worry about it.
miia: Hmm? You don't want it?
melissa: Oh Mia, you said so yourself, remember? 
melissa: You said that I can have whatever I want.
melissa: So, I got to thinking... 
melissa: I don't need gold. Instead, 
melissa: you can pay me another way!
Amy: Wait! 
Amy: Wh-What exactly do you have in mind, Melissa? 
Amy: I don't like the sound of this!
melissa: Hey now, no reneging on your promise!
miia: Um, Amy... What is she talking about?
Amy: Very well, Melissa. If you must, then please, allow me to pay you in Mia's stead!
melissa: Hmm... Well, I guess you're big and fluffy, which is pretty adorable too. 
melissa: Now since you've so graciously offered yourself... 
melissa: There's no backing out now!
Amy: Eeeeeek! 
Amy: Wait, huh? What're you... 
Amy: Th-That tickles...
melissa: Oh, you're so fluffy... 
melissa: Oooooohhh! Your ears are sooo soft!
Amy: Aaah! W-Wait! Don't rub my ears! 
Amy: They're ticklish!
melissa: All soft and fluffy and furry... 
melissa: Oh, this is heaven on earth! ♪
miia: Whatcha doin' there, Melissa? 
miia: Well, as long as you're happy.
Amy: M-Mia?! Don't just stand there, help— 
Amy: Aaah!
melissa: Mmm... Fluffy...! Oh so fluffy!
Amy: P-Please don't... 
Amy: Oh, but if I don't endure, Mia will be subjected to this torture instead...  
Amy: I must protect her!
melissa: I like your determination! 
melissa: Fluffy, fluffy, fluffy, fluffy!
miia: I got a great meal outta this, so I couldn't be happier! 
miia: Can I have some more fried hawk?!
Amy: If you're happy, then so am I, Mia. You can eat my share too!
miia: Really?!
miia: Then I'm gonna get an extra helping of skewers too! 
miia: I'm so glad I get to eat such tasty grub! Yum!
ナレーション: As Melissa fawned over her fluffy prize, Mia gorged herself on her avian feast.
