Amy - P1
ナレーション: Kazuma and Megumin took Amy and Mia to visit the Crimson Demon Village...
miia: Don't be shy! We've got tasty veggies here!
Crimson Demon Man: Vegetables? I prefer meat, myself.
Amy: Oh dear, you shouldn't be so picky. 
Amy: That's a no-no.
Crimson Demon Man: Uh... You're right, miss. I'll buy some!
Amy: Hehe, that's a good boy.
megumin: That's another sale... 
megumin: Whenever Amy says, "That's a no-no," people just buy stuff. It's kind of like magic.
kazuma: Is it so strange? I see what's happening. 
kazuma: No matter how old guys get, they're always searching for a mother figure.
miia: Buh-bye!
Amy: Good work, Mia. That takes care of all the veggies we brought with us.
megumin: Thanks! Everybody seems so happy to get such fresh, delicious vegetables.
kazuma: Though I think they care more about the "picked in the north" part than the flavor...
megumin: In the forsaken north, dragons water crops with their tears under a full moon. 
megumin: You can't help but want to buy them!
Amy: Um, the north isn't exactly forsaken...
miia: And dragons don't cry on the crops. 
miia: I watered them!
megumin: You have to create an interesting backstory to spur sales.
kazuma: That sounds more like false advertising than a backstory.
komekko: Hiya.
megumin: Great to see you, Komekko! We were just headed over to—
komekko: I'm hungry. Do you have any vegetables left?
Amy: Sorry, we're sold out for today.
komekko: Aww... I guess it's just salt and water today.
Amy: Salt and water? That's so sad... 
Amy: Oh, I know! You can have this cookie Mia brought!
komekko: Thanks! *Om nom nom*
miia: Oh, my cookie...
komekko: That was delish! 
komekko: But I'm still hungry.
Amy: Then how about these chocolates I got for Mia?
komekko: *Homph homph homph*
miia: Oh, my chocolates...
Amy: Ah... I'm sorry, Mia. But she seemed to be 
Amy: so hungry.
megumin: Komekko, she gave you food. What do you say?
komekko: Thank you very much.
Amy: Hehe, you're so little but you still know to say thank you. 
Amy: You're such a good girl.
Amy: I remember when Mia was this young. Ahh, that takes me back... 
Amy: Do you mind if I pick you up?
komekko: You give me food, and you're soft. You're like a mom.
Amy: "Like a mom?" Does this child not have a mother? Oh, that's just so sad!
Amy: Komekko... I can be your mom for today. I'll take good care of you.
komekko: Mom, I'm hungry... I want more food.
Amy: Oh, dear. Then how about Mia's other snacks...
miia: Grrr... Hey, kid! You know Amy's not your momma! Get away from her!
komekko: If you say someone's like your mom, they'll give you food. I learned something new today!
megumin: That's not the kind of thing she should be learning...
kazuma: Amy's got an over-developed maternal instinct, so it's even more effective.
miia: Amy, you don't need to feed that girl anything else!
Amy: Mia, do you have to be so mean? This poor girl just wants something to eat...
Amy: I've got just the thing. You can have dinner with us tonight, Komekko.
komekko: I'd be happy to join you.
miia: Forget it!
komekko: Mom, what time is dinner?
miia: I told you, she's not your momma!
Amy: That's quite enough. Fighting won't help, will it?\n
Amy: Not listening to grownups is a no-no.
miia: All right. I promise I'll be a good girl. No fighting.
megumin: That goes for you too, Komekko.
komekko: I went too far. I'm sorry.
megumin: You've made up, then? In that case, we can have Kazuma over and treat us to a nice meaty dinner today.
kazuma: Huh?
miia: Yay! Meat, meat!
Amy: Thanks, Kazuma. I really appreciate it.
komekko: Hehehe... You get free meat just for saying you're sorry. Grownups are such pushovers.
kazuma: H-hold on! Why do I have to treat everyone to dinner?\n
kazuma: You're her older sister, Megumin. You should pay.
megumin: What are you talking about? You asked me to bring Amy and Mia here. You owe me!
kazuma: So that's—
Amy: Are you two fighting? That's not nice. 
Amy: That's a no-no!
Kazuma ＆ Megumin: W-we're sorry.
Amy: Hehe... You're both such good kids.
ナレーション: Although she didn't realize it herself, Amy saying, "That's a no-no" had a strange power over others...
