Amy - P4
ナレーション: Amy stood at the edge of a steep cliff, her expression wracked by torment...
Amy: There's no other choice. 
Amy: I've made up my mind!
kazuma: No! 
kazuma: Don't do it!!
kazuma: !
Amy: Yeek!
Amy: K-Kazuma? And Lady Aqua too?
aqua: I don't know what happened, but you can't throw it all away! 
aqua: Please, just talk to me!
Amy: Throw it all away...? Oh! Oh dear. 
Amy: You misunderstand. I was just thinking about how to get to the bottom.
kazuma: What? What the heck is down there?!
Amy: Well, I found some mushrooms in the forest. 
Amy: I chased them all the way here, but they escaped down the cliff.
kazuma: You were...chasing mushrooms? Oh, I get it. 
kazuma: The mushrooms in this world are able to run. Naturally.
Amy: I need some mushrooms today, no matter what! 
Amy: This is all for my dear Mia!
Amy: What do you want for dinner tomorrow, Mia? 
Amy: I'll make you whatever you feel like, okay?
miia: Hmm... I want... 
miia: Some mushroom stew! It's super tasty! 
miia: I remember eating it all the time 
miia: back in Samuidoh.
kazuma: Ah, so that's why you were after mushrooms.  
kazuma: You saw those ones running and decided to follow.
Amy: I don't know what to do... Mia was really looking forward to it... 
Amy: I can't disappoint her.
kazuma: You'd do anything for Mia, huh? 
kazuma: I suppose that adoration's one of your strengths.
aqua: Hey Kazuma, how about we help Amy track down these mushrooms she's looking for?
kazuma: You're awfully eager, Aqua. Didn't you want to get home quickly?
aqua: She seems really upset! 
aqua: Also, in exchange for helping her, 
aqua: we could totally get some of that mushroom stew!
kazuma: Oh, I see... All that talk about the mushrooms got her hungry. Ever the greedy goddess...
aqua: According to the guild's report, there's a passage down through the depths of this dungeon. 
aqua: Apparently mushrooms like cool places, so they must've gone into those ruins carved into the cliff face.
kazuma: All right, let me use Farsight... 
kazuma: ...There they are! Those little round things over there must be the mushrooms!
Amy: Okay, let's get this stew started!
Mushroom: Mush mush mush...mush!!!
kazuma: Ngh! What the heck?! 
kazuma: How are they so strong?!
Amy: Stand firm! This is for Mia!
aqua: And for the mushroom stew!
kazuma: Whoa, you don't have to push me! 
kazuma: Are you sure we need to fight these crazy fungi?!
aqua: Hey Amy, could you come over here for a second?
aqua: Repeat exactly what I tell you, okay? *Whisper*
Amy: Oh...um...
Amy: Kazuma... If you defeat the mushrooms, I'll let you lay your head on my lap.
kazuma: I...I...
kazuma: I won't be stopped!!
kazuma: Come at me, you screwy 'shrooms! I'm gonna slice you to slivers!
aqua: That worked. Looks like we'll get our stew after all.
Amy: He got so very excited about my lap... 
Amy: I feel a little guilty for using him like this, but it's all for Mia's sake.
miia: Hey Amy, why are we having dinner at Kazuma's tonight?
Amy: Hehe, you see, Mia, good company is the best seasoning. 
Amy: Here we are! The stew's all done.
miia: Mm, that smells like... 
miia: Mushroom stew! Yaaay!
aqua: My stomach's ready! 
aqua: I'm gonna dig in, Amy!
kazuma: Me too! 
kazuma: And I've got a nice, warm lap waiting for me afterward!
miia: *Munch* 
miia: Wow, that's SUPER tasty! 
miia: Thank you so very much, Amy!
Amy: Hehe. 
Amy: It makes me so happy to see that bright smile on your face. 
Amy: So, what do you want tomorrow, Mia?
miia: Meat pie!
Amy: Meat pie it is! I'll go catch you the tastiest creature ever!
kazuma: W-Wait a sec, you're not going out NOW, are you?! 
kazuma: Let's enjoy our mushrooms first!
Amy: Oh, right. Sorry about that. I guess I was a little hasty. 
Amy: When I think about Mia's smile, I just lose all reason...
kazuma: Your protectiveness is almost pathological, at this point...
miia: I want another bowl, Amy!
Amy: Of course! And there's plenty more where that came from!
ナレーション: Nothing made Amy happier than watching Mia savor her famous mushroom stew...
