Vanir - P2
banil: You! Pathetic! Shopkeeper!
wiz: Waaaaaaaaah!
banil: A diet drink that makes teeth fall out?! 
banil: Your useless product ate up ALL of the profit I made!
wiz: B-But... I just thought our shelves looked a little empty. 
wiz: We needed some fresh new products to sell...
banil: So you'd rather blame the shelves? In that case, you leave me no choice...
banil: You are hereby banned from working at the shop until further notice!
wiz: N-Noooooo... 
wiz: If I don't work here, who will?
banil: That's something you'll just have to figure out! 
banil: Now get out of here, 
banil: and find yourself a replacement!
megumin: I am Megumin, master of explosion magic and keeper of this shop!
banil: Uh...
wiz: Welcome back, Vanir.
banil: Of all people, why'd you choose this loose cannon? 
banil: Surely you could've done better than this!
wiz: Oh, but I thought she'd 
wiz: be better than Lady Aqua, at least.
banil: That penniless goddess is not even up for discussion! 
banil: However, this explosion fanatic is barely any better.
Guest: Excuse me, I'd like some skill potions, please.
megumin: Welcome! The skill potions are just over here. 
megumin: And if you buy them in bulk, they will be...
megumin: half price!
Guest: Half price?! What a bargain!
megumin: One thing, however! 
megumin: These skill potions may only be used for explosion magic!
Guest: Explosion...magic? Pfft— Ahaha! You must be joking! What fool wants to learn—
megumin: Then I must ask you to leave! We don't serve philistines 
megumin: who don't comprehend the sublime glory of explosion magic!
banil: It's your JOB to serve customers! I need someone who can actually do that!
megumin: Huh? But I just started—
banil: You're fired!
darkness: Carry this to the storeroom? Sure, I can do that.
banil: She's doing well. Perhaps I should hire her on a permanent basis, if she's available.
wiz: P-Permanent? But this is 
wiz: MY shop!
banil: Which is exactly why you should hire someone competent, so the shop doesn't go bankrupt.
wiz: You don't get it, Vanir! I want to look after the shop myself! That's what's best for business!
banil: You drive us into the red constantly and still have the nerve to say such a thing?
banil: What's best for this shop is removing you from your position, so we can stop bleeding revenue—
darkness: Y-Yeeeeeek! 
banil: What are you doing, Crusader?!
darkness: *Pant pant* 
darkness: N-Nooo... 
darkness: Oh my!
wiz: Goodness, she seems very worked up... 
wiz: Ah! I-I think she drank that potion...
banil: Hm? "Restores energy, but causes abusive auditory hallucinations for twenty-four hours..." 
banil: What foolishness is this?!
darkness: *Pant pant* I'm calm... I'm not excited at a— 
darkness: Nnngh!
banil: Your utter disgrace is delectable indeed... 
banil: However! You can hardly work like this!
darkness: Do not make light of a crusader's iron will! I refuse to yield to these phantom voices—
darkness: Ungh! 
darkness: Oh, do I have to work through these jeers for my entire shift?! 
darkness: I could ask for nothing better!
banil: You're fired!
darkness: Ah, that one sounded a lot like Vanir!
banil: That's because it was! And you, you miserable shopkeeper!
wiz: Y-Yes?
banil: Send this armored dolt back home and come back to work.
wiz: Oh Vanir, have you finally realized my shopkeeping prowess?
banil: You are indeed just barely better than the alternatives...
banil: I never know what this pitiful shopkeeper will do next. It's better to keep her close so I know what she's up to.
wiz: I'm so glad to hear that, Vanir! I knew you'd come around eventually!
wiz: I also prepared a new product in hopes you'd take me back eventually...
banil: ...What is this?
wiz: It's a potion with the opposite effect of the one Darkness drank. It saps your strength, but you hallucinate nice—
banil: Enough! Why would you stock something so useless?!
wiz: Wait, Vanir! That stance, I—
banil: I'll just have to beat it into you until you learn! Vanir's Death Ray!
wiz: Waaaaaaaaah!
