Vanir - P4
banil: Our sales have peaked, and our seasonal goods aren't selling much... 
banil: This is a conundrum.
ynyn: Um, Vanir?
banil: We'll go bankrupt with that stupid shopkeeper's losses. We need a new product...
ynyn: E-Excuse me, Vanir!
banil: Ah, the Crimson Demon heir.
ynyn: Um, I'd like this potion, please.
banil: Thank you for your business. 
banil: By the way, can I ask you something? What kind of product would you like to see here?
ynyn: What kind of product? Hmm... Nothing comes to mind. 
ynyn: Other people might have suggestions for you...
banil: Hmm, good point. My mistake for asking the friendless girl first.
ynyn: I-I have friends! 
ynyn: I've got a whole bunch back home, like Funifura and Dodonko and lots of others!
banil: Speaking of friends... I hear that young women are often trendsetters when it comes to purchasing products.
banil: All right! Gather up every friend you can find!
ynyn: W-Wait, why?
banil: For research purposes, of course.
banil: Besides, you have trouble speaking to others, yes? 
banil: You should have an easier time talking to them if you have a reason to.
ynyn: Y-Yes, I suppose you're right...
banil: Then once you have gathered them here, 
banil: we shall commence with our focus group!
banil: Sooo... Meet any cute boys lately?
megumin: Excuse me? Are you looking for a fight?
banil: Not in the slightest! I was only trying to get the conversation started!
ynyn: U-Um... I called a bunch of girls here, just like you asked. Is this all right?
banil: Indeed. Remarkable work for someone so friendless.
ynyn: I-I have friends!
lean: What exactly do you need us for, 
lean: anyway?
banil: Fear not! All I want to know is what you've been up to lately.
ynyn: What I've been up to lately? I've been really enjoying solitaire. 
ynyn: Playing solo charades is pretty fun, too!
banil: How about you go first, Crimson Demon arsonist?
ynyn: H-He ignored me?!
megumin: I've been trying new things lately. I recently powered up my magic, even! 
megumin: I spend every moment furthering my mastery of the explosion arts!
lean: Haha, sounds like the same old Megumin to me. Although, I'm not really one to talk...
lean: I haven't gotten any of my money back from Dust yet, and I have to do all the work on our quests...
banil: Sounds like you're working hard. It must be stressful.
lean: It sure is. That's why I've been trying to eat more fruits and veggies lately. 
lean: Although, I've always liked them anyway. 
lean: An adventurer's stamina is their best asset. A healthy diet is the key to my success.
megumin: Yeah, I do feel like eating plenty of vegetables gives my explosion magic some extra oomph.
banil: Vegetables, eh? ...Raw vegetables don't keep well, though.
ynyn: And when you're alone, you end up ordering the same things all the time. So you eat the same veggies a lot.
banil: The same veggies...don't keep well... 
banil: That's it!
banil: Well done, friendless girl! I've come up with a great product!
ynyn: I have PLENTY of friends!
banil: This will be a hit! 
banil: I'm certain of it!
banil: Come one, come all!
Female Customer A: Is that Vanir? Is he giving some kind of sales demo?
banil: We all know we should eat our veggies! But that can be challenging, especially if we're eating alone!  
banil: What should we do?
banil: I'm sure many of you are still looking for an answer.
Female Customer B: Oh gosh, yes! And vegetables can be a real strain on the coin purse too.
banil: Well, look no further! I have just the product for you! 
banil: Ta-daaah! 
banil: I call them Loner Chips!
banil: They contain twenty different vegetables, making it easy to get your daily serving without the hassle of cooking yourself a meal!
Female Customer C: Twenty vegetables?! That's so many!
banil: They're long-lasting and easy to store! The perfect rations for when you're out on a quest! 
banil: And they're available in packs of ten for a special bulk discount!
Female Customer A: I'll take ten! My daughter's a wizard!
Female Customer B: Me too! Do they help with skincare, like eating normal veggies? I've been looking for a boost.
banil: Absolutely!
Female Customer C: Take my money! Give me a ten-pack, please!
banil: Thank you for your business!
megumin: Whoa, I never thought Vanir would be such a good salesman. 
megumin: These chips are a total hit, huh?
lean: And we got a ton for free because we helped him out. 
lean: I think I'll take some on my next quest!
ynyn: B-But... Did they have to be called "Loner" chips? 
ynyn: I take issue with that!
banil: Welcome, welcome! Cheap and delicious vegetable chips for sale!
