Vanir - P1
aqua: Where's the proprietor of this two-bit thrift shop?!
banil: Welcome to— 
banil: Oh, it's the goddess of idiots. 
banil: The exit's over there.
aqua: What?! I'm a paying customer! You can't just chase me out! 
aqua: Speaking of which, what kind of scams are you selling here?!
wiz: Was there something wrong with your purchase?
aqua: Yeah, I'll say! This oil was supposed to lubricate things, but it's just plain old water!
aqua: Now my handmade yo-yo creaks whenever I use it!
wiz: What?!
banil: Hmph. I'll bet you purified it by accident. 
banil: I procured that oil myself; it was perfectly fine.
aqua: But that's why it needed to be purified! A goddess like me can't go around touching 
aqua: oil that reeks of demons!
banil: Taking your own negligence out on our good business? 
banil: I'll have to ask you to leave, Miss Goddess!
aqua: Oh no you don't! I'm not leaving! 
aqua: I need my yo-yo nice and oiled so I can show off my newest party trick!
wiz: A yo-yo, eh? Well, Lady Aqua, if that's the case, 
wiz: I might have just the product for you.
banil: What kind of...product? Have you been purchasing 
banil: worthless stock behind my back again?!
wiz: D-Don't get mad! 
wiz: This is sure to appease Lady Aqua!
aqua: Okay then, let's see what you have.
wiz: Here you are! A special product just for you!
aqua: Huh? It's not oil, but...a whole yo-yo?
wiz: It may look like your average yo-yo at first glance, 
wiz: but it lets total beginners perform masterful moves!
aqua: What?! Please tell me you're joking!
wiz: Wh-What do you mean, Lady Aqua? 
wiz: Wouldn't this be great for your party?
aqua: Listen. Party tricks are not just something you're given, they're something you have to earn! 
aqua: This is an insult to artists everywhere!
wiz: R-Really?!
banil: ...By the way, does this come with an instruction manual?
wiz: Yes, it's right here.
banil: Let me have a look... 
banil: Interesting.
aqua: Whatever it is, I'm not buying it!
banil: Come now, at least give it a try! You won't regret it. Besides, it won't cost you anything either.
aqua: Persistent, eh? There's no way I'm using that thing. 
aqua: Besides, like Kazuma says, there's nothing more expensive than "free."
banil: If you try it out now, I'll throw in some special snacks free of charge! They go great with some bubbly!
aqua: Fine, all I have to do is try it, right? 
aqua: ...Hm? This sits quite well in the hand.
wiz: I know, right? It's a bit cramped in here, so why don't you 
wiz: try it outside?
aqua: Yaaah! Hoooh! Rrraaah!
banil: Hmm...
aqua: It's not half bad, actually... Hyaaah! 
aqua: How about this move? 
aqua: It's called Walk the Lizard Runner!
wiz: Wow! It's like the yo-yo has a mind of its own!
banil: A splendid display from the renowned goddess! What, pray tell, is your next trick?
aqua: Art isn't performed at a whim! Especially for a shifty demon like you... 
aqua: *Hiccup* 
aqua: Well, I'm feeling pretty good today! Watch this! Tremble before your goddess' divine skills— 
aqua: *Hiccup*
wiz: Lady Aqua, are you all right?!
aqua: That's weird. There are two of you, Wiz... Or maybe three? 
aqua: *Hiccup*
aqua: My head's pounding... 
aqua: Wait, I know this feeling...
banil: Indeed! You're hungover!
banil: You see, the more you use this magical yo-yo, the more you'll be filled with the floaty feeling of drinking bubbly!
aqua: What the heck is this, Wiz? You tryin' to sell me another defective product?! 
aqua: *Hiccup*
wiz: I-It's not defective! The idea behind this product is that it's easier to master skills when you're feeling good! 
wiz: It's just that you're already so good, that it, uh, ramped up the feeling...
aqua: Are you serious...? 
aqua: Ugh... I don't feel so good. I'm gonna throw up... 
aqua: Blaaargh!
wiz: Waaaaaaaaah!
banil: Ah, seeing this greedy goddess brought low... Perhaps our pitiful shopkeeper is good for something after all!
banil: Finally, she'll stop her endless complaining about our shop's products! 
banil: Mwahahahaha!
ナレーション: Vanir let loose a devilish laugh as he watched Aqua clutch her head in pain...
