Vanir - P3
ナレーション: One day, a sense of gloom descended on the town of Axel...
megumin: *Sigh* I'm just so tired of it all...
kazuma: Is that why we're here? Just to suffer?
chris: I never thought something like this would happen.
tough_guy: Hah... We may not live to see another sunrise.
banil: ...What has come over all of you?
darkness: We are suffering from a cabbage shortage.
banil: Cabbage shortage?
darkness: We harvest cabbage around this time every year, correct? But the cabbage isn't coming this season.
darkness: We've had terrible weather, and cabbages get lost easily. Many flew off in the wrong direction.
banil: I see. What terribly foolish vegetables. So you are all grieving over your lost meals.
darkness: Indeed. The loss of one's favorite cabbage-based dishes is a terrible sorrow.
lia: Cabbage stir-fry... Cabbage salad... Cabbage rolls...
cielo: Cabbage is so good with fried pork too...
erica: I miss how crisp and fresh it is...
banil: This is far more serious than I'd thought. That must be why the locals look so gloomy.
banil: Well then, I suppose I can lend a demonic hand.
darkness: Lend a hand?
banil: Who do you think I am? I am Vanir, perhaps stronger 
banil: than the Demon King himself!
Axel Resident A: Three heads, please!
Axel Resident B: I'd like five! P-Please, I need them now!
banil: Thanks for your business.
wiz: Vanir, what's going on here?!
banil: Welcome... 
banil: Oh, it's you.
kazuma: Whoa, what's with all this cabbage?! 
kazuma: Where did you get it?
banil: It was not difficult. I simply used my magical powers to locate the lost cabbage.
banil: I can't savor the town's negative emotions if everyone's reduced to mindless apathy. 
banil: See how well the cabbages are selling?
wiz: I don't care about the cabbage! 
wiz: I'm more concerned about the sign outside!
wiz: Why is my shop named "Vanir Greengrocer's?!" 
wiz: You can't be serious!
banil: Oh, but I am. We're making great sales, so what's the problem?
miia: WE'VE got a problem!
Amy: I thought the cafe was looking empty, and then I find this... 
Amy: Cabbage sourced with dubious magic undermines the appeal 
Amy: of our fresh Samuidoh produce!
kazuma: Y-Yeah, I don't like the sound of that either... 
kazuma: My livelihood depends on the cafe too, you know!
wiz: Explain yourself, Vanir!
banil: Hehe...
Kazuma, Mia: Vanir!
banil: Mwahahahaha! 
banil: Now this is a true delicacy!
Amy: Stop laughing and answer us, Vanir.
banil: Fear not, my fair beastman. Once I sell all of my stock, I plan to close this place for good.
Amy: Oh? Is that so?
banil: Indeed. I do not wish for you young beastmen to go hungry because of me. 
banil: And if you think about it, this is really all the fault of that pitiful shopkeeper.
wiz: M-My fault?
banil: Naturally. I am only selling cabbage to compensate for your worthless products pushing us under. 
banil: Once we're out of the red, I'll restore the sign to normal. Then you may resume selling your magical wares.
wiz: So that was your plan all along? 
wiz: Thank you so much, Vanir! 
wiz: I'll work harder than ever to sharpen my shopkeeping skills!
banil: I won't get my hopes up. 
banil: But I do ask that you help me sell the rest of the cabbage.
banil: I want our beastmen friends to help, too. I'm sure they want to get rid of the competition 
banil: and resume their business.
Mia, Amy: We'd be happy to help!
banil: Welcome to Vanir Greengrocer's! 
banil: Cabbage for prices you won't find anywhere else!
Wiz, Mia, Amy: Come one, come all!
kazuma: His shop's out of debt and he's back to savoring people's negativity. 
kazuma: Gotta hand it to Vanir. He's good...
