Mel - P3
mel: Do you know any quests with a high difficulty rating and are full of danger?!
mitsurugi: This is rather sudden, Mel. 
mitsurugi: If I may ask, why are you interested in such a quest?
mel: Kazuma told me an adventurer's rank is determined by which quests they've successfully completed.
mel: He's already defeated more than one of the Devil King's generals! Even you've slain an ancient dragon, Mitsurugi.
mel: If I can complete some high-level quests too, then I can earn everyone's approval 
mel: and make more friends!
mitsurugi: I see... I see no reason to stop you. You're skilled 
mitsurugi: at manipulating lightning, am I correct?
mel: That's right! 
mel: I'm the thunder-slinging queen!
mitsurugi: In that case, you shouldn't have any trouble handling the 
mitsurugi: advanced quests. Hmm... 
mitsurugi: It appears they are taken, unfortunately.
mel: Aw, man! 
mel: But I thought I could make tons of friends if people saw my lightning powers!
mel: I need to prove how strong I am, as soon as possible! What should I do?!
ynyn: Wh-What about a little contest of skill with me? We can 
ynyn: stick to using your specialty, of course!
mel: Oh, Yunyun! Too much free time or something?
ynyn: W-Well, I can't deny that I have some extra free time, but 
ynyn: I want to help out my friend. 
mel: How does that help, though? 
ynyn: Well, you mentioned ranks. Since I can use advanced magic and completed a few difficult quests, I'm of pretty good standing.
ynyn: So if you were to show your power against me, others 
ynyn: might take notice as well!
mitsurugi: Intriguing... I think her plan has merit.
mel: You think so? 
mel: In that case, count me in. Let's battle! 
mel: Do you really think you could beat me, though? 
ynyn: Y-Yeah, I do! I have pretty strong lightning magic as well. 
mel: You sound pretty confident! Alright then, 
mel: I'll blast that confidence into next week!
ynyn: H-Hurray! How about a wager, then? If I win, we throw a 
ynyn: pajama party for—
mel: Sounds good, let's do this! Come with me!
ynyn: Hey! Wait for me, Mel!
mel: Mitsurugi will be the judge. 
mel: Let's go! 
mel: Lightning Booolt!
mitsurugi: Th-That shook the whole ground! 
mitsurugi: What tremendous power. I guess that's to be expected of a spirit.
ynyn: Mell really is amazing. 
mel: Okay, Yunyun! You're up next! But I understand if 
mel: you lost your nerve after seeing that.
ynyn: W-Well, I...
mel: Don't forget, this is a competition! If you're really 
mel: my friend, you'll go at this with everything you've got. 
ynyn: Your friend...? 
ynyn: All right, Mel! But do you think 
ynyn: you could promise me something first?
mel: What's that?
ynyn: Well, um... 
ynyn: If I win, I-I'd like to ask a favor of you. 
mel: A favor? Sure, no problem. 
ynyn: R-Really?! 
ynyn: No backing out then!
ynyn: Here goes. 
ynyn: Now I can finally have the pajama party I've 
ynyn: been dreaming of... Lightning Strike!　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
ynyn: 　
mel: Wh-What the—?!
mitsurugi: A bolt that split the sky itself. 
mitsurugi: Being able to use magic 
mitsurugi: on par with a spirit is quite impressive, Yunyun.
ynyn: *Pant pant* 
ynyn: Which one of us is the winner, Mitsurugi?!
mitsurugi: Hmm... 
mitsurugi: I believe this will have to be a tie. 
ynyn: A tie? 
ynyn: But...
mel: No, I've clearly been outdone.
ynyn: Mel?
mel: As a spirit, having a human so easily match me in my own field is shameful beyond words...
ynyn: Does that mean...I won?! 
ynyn: A-All right! That means you have to do me a favor, 
ynyn: just like you pr—
mel: This can't be happening! How could I, the great lightning spirit, 
mel: be so easily overwhelmed!
ynyn: U-Um, Mel? So about that favor. I'd like you to come over 
ynyn: and have a pajama party with—
mel: Hmph! Not bad, Yunyun, not bad! You may have bested me once, 
mel: but next time I won't go down so easily.
ynyn: Huh?
mel: Why am I still standing here?! I need to start training yesterday! 
mel: Prepare yourself for our next meeting, my rival!
ynyn: Wh-Whaaat?! 
ynyn: Mel, wait!
mitsurugi: She's already long gone.
ynyn: No... All I wanted was a pajama party... This was 
ynyn: my chance to finally have a sleepover!
ナレーション: A dejected Yunyun was left behind as Mel went to get stronger so she could make more friends...
