Mel - P4
mel: A festival?! Right here in town?!
kazuma: Yeah, it was originally meant to be a promotion for Axel Hearts, 
kazuma: but it spirals into something much bigger. 
aqua: So now they're looking for more performers! I'm already brushing up on 
aqua: my routine. 
mel: That sounds fun! Can I participate too? 
darkness: What are you think of performing, Mel? 
mel: That's obvious! A prank, of course! 
mel: With a festival in town, I'll be able to pull off the biggest prank I've ever—
kazuma: Absolutely not.
mel: Wh-Why not?! 
mel: That's what I'm known for! When people think of me, they immediately think of pranks!
kazuma: I said no. You're going to traumatize poor people who 
kazuma: just want to enjoy themselves at a festival.
mel: Wha—?!
megumin: Kazuma's right, Mel. By the way, I will be 
megumin: demonstrating my special—
kazuma: Absolutely not, again! Your explosion magic is worse than Mel's pranks!
megumin: What?!
mel: Urrrgh...
mel: I can't believe Kazuma won't let me show off my pranks... He's being so unreasonable!
mel: *Sigh* Aqua's so lucky. I wish I could do something 
mel: like her Nature's Beauty trick.
mel: If I had a skill that people enjoyed, I could make more friends.
erica: Well if it isn't Mel! What are you up to?
lia: Are you okay? You seem rather upset.
mel: Oh, it's the girls from Axel Hearts. Hey.
mel: Hm, what sort of special skills do all of you have?
cielo: Hmm... 
cielo: For me, I'd probably have to say dancing or other physical activities. I've been training since I was little.
lia: I'm good with a spear. I also like writing songs.
erica: And my special skill is of course how absolutely cute I am! 
erica: Nobody, and I mean NOBODY, is cuter than me!
mel: Dancing, writing music, and being cute... Those are all 
mel: great festival talents. 
cielo: Festival? 
cielo: Oh! Are you participating in the festival too, Mel?
mel: I was going to! But Kazuma told me not to go causing trouble for everyone there.
mel: And that's all pranks and lightning bolts would do. If only 
mel: I had a praise-worthy skill, I could make more friends.
lia: A skill that would help you make friends? 
lia: But you already have something perfect.
mel: I do?
ナレーション: The day of the festival, many performers got up on stage to show-off their talents. Now it was finally Axel Hearts' turn...
Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome our next guests! Axel Hearts, the stage is yours!
Audience: YAAAAAAYYY!!!
lia_stage: Thanks, everyone! We brought along a special guest to join 
lia_stage: us on stage today!
kazuma: A guest? They didn't mention anything during our meetings.
erica_stage: Our special show just for you all is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity! Our cutest one yet!
cielo_stage: So without further ado... Mel, come on out!
kazuma: What?! Mel?!
mel_stage: Greetings, everybody! I hope you enjoy this demonstration of my—no, of our 
mel_stage: special skill!
Fan A: Oooooohhh! I can't believe my luck! I actually get to see them performing together again!
Fan B: Mel! You're the greatest!
erica_stage: They're loving it! 
erica_stage: Mel really is a great singer, isn't she?
lia_stage: She's worked so hard and improved during practice the last few days, too.
mel_stage: Hehe, all that praise really makes it feel like my hard work paid off!
kazuma: Well, you sure caught me by surprise. I definitely wasn't 
kazuma: expecting to see Mel up there singing with you.
cielo_stage: Kazuma!
aqua: You were incredible! You've got the whole place cheering without a single prank! 　
aqua: Still, I'm not about to lose!
aqua: Now watch closely! While the crowd is all worked up, behold 
aqua: my greatest version yet! Nature's Beauty!
Fan A: Oh, it's the blue-haired beauty! That was great! Let's see it again!
mel_stage: Look at Aqua go. Everyone's eyes are glued on the stage. 
mel_stage: Which means they've left themselves wide open...
kazuma: Mel, what are you doing?!
mel_stage: Here goes! 
mel_stage: Lightning Bolt!
kazuma: What are you thinking?! Mel! If you release a lightning bolt in a place like this—!
Fan B: Astounding! Beautiful... The combination of water and lightning is exquisite!
kazuma: Ack! 
kazuma: Oh, thank goodness nothing happened...
mel_stage: Hehehe! Did you like that?! 
mel_stage: Here, have another!
aqua: Not bad, Mel. 
aqua: However, as a goddess, I can't very well have you outdoing me!
kazuma: I think that's the least of our concerns...
Fan C: What an amazing show! I'm so glad I came!
mel_stage: Hehe! Another perfectly executed prank!
kazuma: *Sigh* She still hasn't changed, 
kazuma: but I guess being able to get people excited by using pranks counts as a special skill.
mel_stage: Once more! Lightning Bolt!
ナレーション: Singing, dancing, and a bit of lightning. Those at the festival thoroughly enjoyed all of Mel's special skills...
