Mel - P1
ナレーション: After receiving an invitation from Mel to see their new place, Kazuma and friends were on their way to visit Mel and Squall.
kazuma: Hello? Mel? Squall? We're here—
mel: Now!
darkness: Wh-What?! *Cough cough*
aqua: *Cough cough* There's powder all over my hair!
megumin: Is this...jelly slime powder?
mel: You guys fell for it! I stayed up all night devising this powder door trap—
mel: *Cough cough* I used too much flour! I can't breathe! 
mel: S-Someone help...
squall: What's all the ruckus— 
squall: What happened here?! 
squall: Mel, pray do not say you are playing pranks again. 
kazuma: I'm going home.
mel: What?! But you haven't even seen the house! Is it because 
mel: of the flour? You can use the bath! Don't go!
mel: I'm very sorry for what I did. Please accept my sincerest apologies. I simply wanted you to feel welcome...
squall: My apologies. I should have been more vigilant.
kazuma: No one is ever going to come visit if this is the welcome every time, you know.
mel: Wh-What?! I don't want that! 
mel: It's finally so nice and cozy and ready to show-off!
megumin: I will not deny there is a rather welcoming atmosphere to it. However, 
megumin: you are missing an element of the utmost importance!
mel: Wh-What is the element? Everything needs 
mel: to be perfect so I can invite my friends over!
megumin: Put simply, 
megumin: it lacks a sense of spaciousness! What you need is a big window... Nay! 
megumin: A large balcony!
aqua: I agree! Being able to relax and enjoy the view would be perfect! 
megumin: No! It would be a dedicated veranda from which to fire off 
megumin: explosion magic. I'd come visit every day!
kazuma: The only one being welcomed is you.
darkness: May I suggest iron bars in the 
darkness: corner of the room to be l-l-locked up? 
kazuma: Why is that welcoming to you in any way?!
aqua: I'm happy so long as there's somewhere I can drink bubbly.
mel: I see. These are all wonderful ideas!
squall: Truly, they are not...
mel: I'm going to ask everyone's opinions and turn this 
mel: place into everyone's favorite spot!
kazuma: You're just going to leave your guests here?! You invited us over!
squall: I have a bad feeling about this. 
squall: Kazuma, please wait here with everyone. 
wiz: You're looking for ways to decorate your house? If that's 
wiz: the case, then I have just the thing!
wiz: This magical incense burner fills a room with soothing fragrances, 
wiz: with 100 scents to choose from!
mel: Wow, so many! 
mel: And I could choose a fragrance based on the mood of whoever is visiting that day! 
mel: I'll take it!
wiz: Wonderful! Thank you for your—
squall: Please hold. Is that all it does? 
squall: I beg your pardon, but Kazuma tells me your goods can have...certain quirks.
wiz: Oh dear, not at all! The only thing to keep in mind 
wiz: with this is the sweet scents tend to attract insects.
squall: Insects?! 
squall: Absolutely not! I won't allow it in the house!
mel: B-But...
squall: We are leaving, immediately!
wiz: H-How mean!
cielo: So then, you came to us for help?
mel: That's right. 
mel: I really want everyone to feel welcome when they visit.
erica: That's easy! 
erica: First you cover the room in pink, then add some frilly curtains, a few pieces of cute furniture...
squall: Perhaps consider my residence there, as well. "Frilly" is not quite my style.
cielo: I'd suggest some dumbbells! It's nice to have some at home to train whenever you please.
mel: Dumbbells? 
mel: How much should they weigh?
cielo: Hmm... 
cielo: I'd say ones that weigh roughly as much as a full-grown man would be sufficient.
mel: I-I can't lift something that heavy!
lia: Sorry, these two are a bit out there.
mel: You do seem like the most level-headed one, Lia. 
mel: I know! Could I look at your room for inspiration?
lia: Y-You want to see my room?! Well, I suppose I don't mind 
lia: letting other girls take a look.
Cielo, Erika: You really don't want to go in there.
Mel, Squall: H-H-Huh?!
mel: W-We're back...
aqua: Welcome home. 
aqua: I'd ask how it went, but judging by the looks on your faces...
kazuma: I take it getting other opinions didn't help much.
squall: You spoke correctly. We asked Wiz and the Axel Hearts girls, but...
darkness: Admittedly not one's first choice for interior design expertise.
mel: I don't know what to do. What if no one wants to come 
mel: visit, because I can't even get some stupid decorations right?
megumin: What gave you that idea? Of course people will visit.
mel: They will?
darkness: People will visit because they enjoy your company, no other reason, Mel. 
darkness: And with the bonus of a bona fide Mel prank, there's no reason not to come.
kazuma: That's right. 
kazuma: I could do without the prank, though.
aqua: And of course, I'll be happy if there's bubbly to drink!
mel: Thanks so much, everyone... Please come 
mel: visit us again soon!
mel: I promise to prepare a whole bunch of pranks that'll make you smile for sure!
ナレーション: Mel's visitors never knew what to expect when they walked through the door...
