Mel - P2
ナレーション: Kazuma and company decided to take Mel to Arcanretia, the city of water, to enjoy the sights...
mel: Wow! 
mel: What a beautiful town!
aqua: Well of course it is. After all, this is the town where 
aqua: my adorable Axis followers live!
mel: But why is everyone looking at me? Did I do 
mel: something wrong?
darkness: No, those are simply the eyes of a predator tracking its prey. 
darkness: Doesn't it feel great?
mel: Prey?
megumin: Soap, detergent, soap, detergent, soap, detergent...
kazuma: She's having flashbacks! Megumin, take deep breaths!
kazuma: Mel, listen up! No matter what, you must not engage with the residents. 
kazuma: That means no playing pr—
kazuma: Wait, where did she go?!
Axis Follower A: Mel, is it? What an adorable, nice girl!
mel: Aw, thank you! Let's be best friends. And as a sign 
mel: of our new friendship, how about a handshake?
Axis Follower A: I would be happy to—Yaaaaaagh! Y-Your arm! It fell off!
mel: Haha, gotcha! A classic! The person goes in for an innocent 
mel: handshake, and the whole arm comes off and—
Axis Follower A: That's terrible! We need to get you to a healer right away! Lucky for you, there's an Axis Order clinic nearby.
mel: Um... What?
Axis Follower A: Members of the Order of Axis enjoy free medical exams! You'll also receive cure-all pills that treat any illness! Just sign here to reap the benefits!
mel: Hey, hold on a second... What is this paper?! Could you 
mel: please stop shoving it in my face?!
Axis Follower A: Drat! Lost another one.
mel: That sure was unpleasant. I've never met someone who could fluster ME like that. 
mel: Looks like I need to up my game!
mel: There, my extra-large drawing is finished! The townspeople 
mel: are going to be shocked for sure!
Axis Follower B: What is this?! Giant graffiti right in the center of town?
Axis Follower C: We've tried everything to get it off. Who in the world did this?
mel: Hehe... You all must be shocked!
Axis Follower B: Are you the one who drew this? It's absolutely amazing!
mel: What? But I was just doodling...
Axis Follower C: A doodle?! This is the work of a genius! Please give me your autograph, right here in this box!
mel: Hey! That's the paper the other guy was waving at me. This is not 
mel: the reaction I was looking for!
Axis Followers: Come here! Sign, please!
mel: Eeeeeek!
cecily: Mel, this way! Quickly!
mel: Thank goodness, a familiar face!
cecily: Phew, we lost them. Are you alright? 
mel: Thanks to you, Cecily. For some reason, the people here are 
mel: completely unaffected by my pranks!
cecily: Hehe. 
cecily: Well, the residents of this town have received Lady Aqua's divine blessing. A few pranks won't faze them.
cecily: You must be hungry after all that running 
cecily: around. Here, have some of this.
mel: Oh my gosh, thank you!! All of that pranking has 
mel: really worked up an appetite. 
mel: I'm starving... 
mel: Hold on a second. 
mel: *Sniff sniff* 
mel: This doesn't smell like food at all...
cecily: Fear not, this soap is made of natural ingredients. The water we use is purified by Lady Aqua herself, 
cecily: so it's edible!
cecily: It's an exclusive Order of Axis recipe! Wouldn't you love 
cecily: to learn how to make it?! All you need to do is sign this form!
mel: She's got the same look in her eyes as the others! 
mel: Leave me alone! 
mel: I'm getting outta here!
cecily: Drat, she's too quick. And here I thought I'd have the 
cecily: chance to convert an absolute cutie to our faith.
cecily: Well, I'll have my chance. I hope you're ready, dearest Mel. 
cecily: Hehehehe...
mel: I-I finally made it back...
kazuma: There you are, Mel. 
kazuma: It's getting dark out. Where did you go? 
aqua: Did you forget your way back to the inn?
mel: Aqua... K-KAZUMAAA! 
mel: Waaaaaah!!! I was so scared!
kazuma: Did they get to you?! What happened?
mel: *Sob* None of my lovely pranks worked, I was nearly forced to eat soap, and they kept demanding I sign this paper. 
megumin: Soap, detergent, soap, detergent, soap, detergent...
darkness: The followers of Axis truly are an unrelenting lot! 
darkness: I must 
darkness: go for a walk through town tomorrow! Alone, of course!
mel: I severely underestimated the Order of Axis. I was outwitted at every turn... 
mel: But not for long!
mel: I'm going to join the Order of Axis so I can learn—
kazuma: No! Please don't!
ナレーション: Kazuma spent the next few hours convincing Mel that her plan to join the Axis Order was a bad one...
