Bell Cranel - P1
ナレーション: Bell and Liliruca, accompanied by Kazuma, went in search of some fresh potatoes one day...
Asparagus: Aspa-asparagus!
bell: This is what vegetables are like here? 
bell: I wasn't expecting them to...be sentient. 
Tomatoes: Toma-toma-tomatooo!
liliruca: Bell! More are arriving from the rear!
bell: Tch! 
bell: Fire Bolt!
Tomatoes: Toma-toma...
kazuma_winter: The potato fields are just up ahead, but make sure to stay 
kazuma_winter: sharp until we get there!
bell: Right! 
bell: Lili, thanks for the heads up back there. That was a close one.
liliruca: Not at all. I am a supporter, after all.
liliruca: It is strange, though. 
liliruca: Why is it that vegetables in this world hop and fly around?
kazuma_winter: Vegetables are living things here. They fight back so as 
kazuma_winter: not to get eaten. Some even try to run after being cooked.
bell: Even so, I definitely didn't think harvesting vegetables would be so much work.
liliruca: Don't push yourself too hard, Bell. We're 
liliruca: running low on items and I'm worried about your health.
bell: Lili...
kazuma_winter: It just isn't fair...
bell: Huh?
kazuma_winter: It isn't one tiny bit fair! 
kazuma_winter: Every member of my party is a pain in the neck, and you've got a dedicated,
kazuma_winter: adorable supporter!
liliruca: A-Adorable?!
kazuma_winter: And unlike my masochistic crusader, your swordswoman is skilled, beautiful, and even gives you personal lessons!
kazuma_winter: You're even blessed by a cute goddess with ample features! 
kazuma_winter: All I've got is a crazy pyromaniac and a worthless goddess!
bell: Ahahaha...
kazuma_winter: I get angrier the more I think about it!
kazuma_winter: How is all this suffering worth it! I just want to go home and—
？？？: Cooorn...
bell: Hm? Did you hear something?
bell: Could it be a potato?
Giant Corn: GIAAANT COOOOOORN!!!
kazuma_winter: No, that's no potato! 
kazuma_winter: It's a giant corn!
liliruca: I see why it's called giant, but this is way too big!
bell: Tch...
kazuma_winter: Damn! I wasn't expecting to run into a giant corn all the way out here! 　
kazuma_winter: C'mon, we've gotta run for it!
bell: I can't run away. We still haven't found what 
bell: we came here for!
bell: Fire Bolt!
Giant Corn: Coooooorn...
bell: *Pant pant*
Giant Corn: COOOOOORN!!!
liliruca: *Gasp* 
liliruca: Bell, watch out!
bell: Huh? 
bell: Hraaah!
？？？: Bell! Bell!
bell: Hrng... Hm? 
bell: Goddess?
hestia: Bell, you're awake! 
hestia: How dare you worry your goddess like that?
bell: H-Huh? Goddess? 
bell: Wh-What happened?
liliruca_lightcloth: You were surprised by that giant corn. Its final attack 
liliruca_lightcloth: hit you and knocked you unconscious.
bell: I see... 
bell: Did you carry me all the way back here, Lili?
kazuma: Nope, all me. You're welcome.
kazuma: It's lucky your injuries weren't too bad.
bell: That is fortunate. 
bell: Thank you very much for the help.
hestia: I was shocked when I heard the news! Why would 
hestia: you go to so much trouble just for some potatoes?
hestia: What if something were to happen to you?!
bell: I'm sorry...
kazuma: Everything worked out okay in the end. Bell, do 
kazuma: you want some corn soup? Specially cooked by yours truly!
bell: Thank you, that would be great. 
bell: Still, I feel a little bad. You even prepared dinner while I was asleep.
kazuma: Don't sweat it. Without you, we'd have all been done in by a vegetable. 
kazuma: Besides, you defeating the corn really helped fill the pantry.
liliruca_lightcloth: Well, you heard him. This is all thanks to you, Bell.
bell: N-No, I didn't do much... 
bell: And we didn't get potatoes in the end...
hestia: What's all this fuss about potatoes, anyway? Since when are you so tater-crazy? 
bell: I know you've been worried 
bell: since we got stuck here, so I was hoping to make you some comfort food from home.
hestia: You did all this for me?
bell: Yes, but I ended up just making you worry more. I'm sorry.
hestia: You went to all that trouble just for me? 
hestia: Just knowing that 
hestia: makes me feel better!
bell: Goddess...
hestia: But remember not to push yourself too hard. You're too 
hestia: important to me, you got that?
bell: Understood. I'm sorry for making you worry.
liliruca_lightcloth: All right, shall we have some dinner? We made all sorts of 
liliruca_lightcloth: other vegetable dishes to go with the soup!
kazuma: Prepare to be amazed by Kazuma's special, full-course 
kazuma: vegetable dinner! I'll get Aqua and the others. 
hestia: Hooray! Time to eat!
bell: I've still got a long way to go. I need to keep getting stronger, not only for myself, but for my goddess as well.
ナレーション: With renewed determination in his heart, Bell joined Hestia and the others for some of Kazuma's cooking...
