Bell Cranel - P2
hestia: Bell! Seriously? Again?!
bell: M-My apologies, Goddess. It's just, the sister really looked like she needed some help.
ナレーション: Hestia was in the middle of reprimanding Bell after finding him holding a stack of Axis Order application forms... Again.
hestia: I know you're a pushover, but I can't believe you'd 
hestia: help them recruit. You should be recruiting for our familia!
hestia: That pretty blonde sister bothers me, too. Do you have a 
hestia: thing for blondes or something?
bell: What?! N-No, it's nothing like that...
hestia: Awfully fishy...
hestia: And what's with this flyer, anyway? It says 
hestia: "have fun" and "always choose the easy path."
hestia: Although, I guess that does sound pretty nice...
bell: Hrm...
hestia: Oh, do you like it too?!
bell: Actually, I was thinking about my payment. You see, they 
bell: gave me this branch for handing out these flyers.
bell: They said something about it being blessed by the goddess of water. Do you know what it means?
hestia: What does that matter? 
hestia: Look, you can hand out flyers, but don't even think about joining them. Understand?!
bell: Of course, Goddess! 
bell: I'm your servants and only yours!
aqua: It's not here! Not over here, either! Where in the world did it go?!
liliruca_lightcloth: I checked the drawers and under the rug as well. Is it 
liliruca_lightcloth: possible you dropped it somewhere while you were out?
bell: Hi, we're back— Huh? 
bell: Is everything okay? Did you decide to do some spring cleaning?
aqua: No! I can't find my folding fan anywhere! It's as important as life itself!
hestia: As important as life itself? 
hestia: Sorry, but what exactly is a folding fan?
liliruca_lightcloth: I didn't know either, so I had Lady Aqua 
liliruca_lightcloth: draw me a picture. Look at this!
hestia: Hmm... Looks like something you'd find in the Far East.
bell: What a strange contraption.
aqua: If I don't have my folding fan, I can't do my performances!
aqua: And if I can do my performances to show off at the guild, my life has no meaning!
bell: Ah! Actually...
bell: The shape is wrong, but a blonde-haired sister gave this to me earlier today.
liliruca_lightcloth: That's...a wooden stick?
aqua: That's it! That's my folding fan! How did you find it?!
bell: Huh? 
bell: This doesn't look like the picture you drew at all. 
aqua: That's because it's folded up right now. To use it, you open it up like this. See?! 
aqua: Now for a celebratory Nature's Beauty!
bell: Wow! That's beautiful!
aqua: Hehe. Bask in this goddess's grace and talent!
aqua: You deserve a reward, Bell! 
aqua: I hereby name you an honorary Order of Axis member!
hestia: What? Excuse me?!
bell: A-An honorary member? Of the Order of Axis?!
bell: That's the church this flyer is for.
aqua: Oh, you have one of our flyers! I see you were already 
aqua: going to join!
aqua: All the better, then! 
aqua: Of course the Order of Axis and my cute followers would be popular even with adventurers from other worlds.
bell: U-Um...
aqua: This calls for a celebration! I'll go find Cecily and some 
aqua: bubbly and we'll get this party started!
hestia: What the heck?! Who the heck do you think are you? Bell is my servant and no one is going to take him from me!
aqua: Hmph! I can't just ignore the chance 
aqua: to gain a new follower. Recruitment is a battlefield!
hestia: You're speaking absolute nonsense!
hestia: Even war has rules! You need to learn how to fight fair!
aqua: Why should I? Axis Order doctrine teaches to never deny yourself. 
aqua: Do what you want and drink when you want.
hestia: A-And so what?! I may have thought that sounded pretty great yesterday, but I changed 
hestia: my mind!
bell: H-Hey, that's enough, you two...
Aqua, Hestia: Hrrrnnngggh...
bell: *
bell: Sigh*
liliruca_lightcloth: Bell, you should be the one to make the decision.
bell: Oh, that's easy. There's only one goddess for me.
bell: Aqua, I'm deeply flattered, but I'm afraid I cannot become a follower of the Axis faith.
aqua: What?! Why not?!
bell: Because I'm a member of the Hestia Familia. I made the 
bell: decision to devote myself to my goddess a long time ago.
bell: I'm sorry, but—
hestia: Bell!
bell: Hrnk! 
bell: Goddess, I told you not to jump on me like that!
hestia: Hehehe, I knew you'd never leave me! Now come closer so 
hestia: I can get a good look at your face!
bell: Goddess... You're embarrassing me...
hestia: Like that's going to stop me! I'm just so happy right now! 
hestia: I look forward to your everlasting devotion, Bell!
aqua: *Sigh* Looks like I've been outdone. I can't split up two people who are so close.
aqua: Besides, following your heart is pretty romantic!
liliruca_lightcloth: For a couple of goddesses, you sure do cause a lot of trouble for others.
ナレーション: Glancing between an exasperated Liliruca and a smiling Aqua, Bell continued to be smothered by Hestia's embrace...
