Ais Wallenstein - P1
ナレーション: While out on a quest, Kazuma, Darkness, Ais, and Bell found themselves surrounded by a group of giant toads...
bell: There are so many of them...
darkness: As a crusader, it is my duty to distract them! I'll go first!
kazuma: You're just trying to get hit, you creepy masochist! Now put your armor back on and stop smiling! Let's get outta—
aiz: Tempest!
kazuma: She's controlling the wind!
aiz: Hyaaah!
Giant Toads: Croooak...
kazuma: That was amazing...
darkness: The nickname "Sword Princess" fits her well.
aiz: You were too flustered. They may have been great in number, but their movements are simple and easy to overcome.
bell: M-My apologies! I'm still not used to the monsters here, so I hesitated.
kazuma: She makes it look so easy. 
kazuma: Man, I wish I had an overpowered swordsman in my party...
aiz: *Gasp*
bell: Ais?
aiz: Stay focused. Something approaches from that direction.
Lizard Runners: Graaaaaah!
kazuma: Now there's a whole pack of lizard runners?!
darkness: Leave this to me! I'll be your shield, no matter how much they batter me!
aiz: Hrah!
Lizard Runners: Graaaaaah...
darkness: Oh no! 
darkness: B-But I didn't even get hit. 
kazuma: Those are some crazy sword skills! You're so fast I couldn't even see it.
aiz: Are you unharmed?
bell: Completely safe,  
bell: but I've failed to be of any use again.
kazuma: With Ais here, we can handle anything. I bet we'll get through this without even a scratch.
darkness: Not even a scratch?! 
darkness: What's the point of me even being here, then?! Please, use me!
aiz: Is this part of your training? Your desire to grow stronger 
aiz: is quite honorable. I respect such devotion.
kazuma: Ah. Please don't. That's not what she means at all.
Murder Bears: Graaaaaahhh!
darkness: Kazuma, look! A murder bear! And not just one, but a whole 
darkness: slew of them! 
darkness: Finally, hit me! Scratch my clothes off!
kazuma: How can you be so happy at a time like this! There's no way 
kazuma: we can beat all of them!
aiz: Fear not. I will defeat them.
darkness: Hold it, Ais. Stop rushing in on your own.
aiz: Hm?
darkness: Please do not shoulder all the burdens on your own. We may have only just recently met, 
darkness: but we're still partners.
aiz: Partners?
darkness: That's right. So lean on your party members and allow me to help you. 
darkness: I'd like—I mean, I can take it!
bell: I agree with Darkness. I know you're strong, Ais, but let 
bell: us prove we can be useful as well.
bell: I know I still have a long way to go, but still...
aiz: You all are very kind. Strong, too.
aiz: Very well. We shall defeat them together.
kazuma: I don't mean to interrupt your moment, but Darkness just 
kazuma: wants to get hit. She's a huge masochist.
Murder Bear: Graaaaaah...
aiz: I believe that was the last of them. I appreciate the help.
darkness: The last of them... 
darkness: That's it?! They barely even touched me!
darkness: Such an utter lack of satisfaction... Unfulfilling in every way possible.
darkness: It seems I have no 
darkness: other choice! Ais!
aiz: Hm?
darkness: As a fellow knight, I challenge you to a duel. And just 
darkness: like when you train Bell, I ask that you not hold back!
aiz: Well, if you insist...
darkness: I absolutely insist. Do not hold back! Come at me with the same intensity you used 
darkness: against those—
kazuma: Drain Touch.
darkness: Nggghhhhhh! 
darkness: K-Kazuma, what are you doing?!
kazuma: I'm doing everyone a favor, so stop 
kazuma: bothering Ais by dragging her into your bizarre fetish.
aiz: Kazuma, what about the duel?
kazuma: Sorry, Ais. Let's just ignore the shameful 
kazuma: crusader. Why don't we call it a day and head home?
aiz: I see. That's too bad...
liliruca: I don't get it? What did she do that's so shameful?
darkness: *Pant pant* Is that what you think of me, Kazuma? Well I'm 
darkness: I'm not about to give up just because you sap some of—
darkness: Nggghhhhhh!
kazuma: All right, time to go home. 
kazuma: Embarrass me with another word and I'll do even more than that.
darkness: Th-This is...
darkness: exactly what I wanted...
ナレーション: Ais watched in confusion as Darkness sank to the ground with a look of sheer pleasure on her face...
