Ais Wallenstein - P2
aiz: Arcanretia? 
aiz: Is that the name of a town?
aqua: That's right! You won't find a more noble, beautiful town 
aqua: anywhere in this world!
megumin: Admittedly, when it comes to hot springs, it's second to none. 
megumin: The people there are a bit problematic, however.
ナレーション: Interested in learning more about this new world, Ais listened intently to Aqua and Megumin's description.
aiz: It sounds as though the people of the Order of Axis adore this goddess of water.
aqua: Hehe! They sure do!
megumin: An evil monster by the name of Hans once tried to overthrow the town of Arcanretia.
megumin: However, I put an end to his dastardly plan with a powerful 
megumin: dose of Explosion, bringing peace to the town!
aiz: You saved an entire town? 
aiz: You truly are a hero, Megumin.
megumin: Naturally! I'm the purveyor of the strongest magic known to man!
aqua: 'Scuse me, I helped too!
aiz: You're very impressive as well, Lady Aqua. It's rare for an arch priest to wield such high levels of magic.
aqua: Finally, someone who recognizes my talents! You're such a 
aqua: nice person, Ais! And super smart!
megumin: You wield wind magic as well, don't you, Ais? 
aiz: Yes. 
aiz: Ariel is a wind element enchantment.
aqua: Enchantment?
aiz: That's right. By using Ariel, I'm able to wrap my weapon in wind, which I can then launch at an opponent.
megumin: That sounds so cool! Please, demonstrate for me! I just have to know which is cooler, your Ariel or my Explosion!
aiz: It's nothing special, just a simple—
megumin: No, no, no... With such a lackluster attitude, even the greatest of spells won't seem cool at all.
aiz: Is that so?
megumin: Of course. 
megumin: My explosion magic is more than just a spell. It's about determination. It's about emotion.
megumin: Observe! The angle of the arm! The perfect stance! Both the pose and the incantation are of the utmost importance!
aiz: Determination and emotion... Loki said something similar about increasing power by shouting a spell's name.
megumin: Exactly. This Loki knows their stuff.
aiz: Please, tell me more. I wish to keep getting stronger.
megumin: Sure! You've got great potential. 
megumin: With a bit of guidance from the Crimson Demon clan's greatest, you'll be unstoppable!
aqua: While we're at it, I'll teach you my party tricks too.
bell: We're back! 
bell: I hope this will be enough for everyone to—
aiz: Here me, great tempest! Envelop me in your turbulent winds and lend me your strength! 
aiz: Lil Rafaga!
megumin: That's it! 
megumin: A splendid incantation and a perfect pose!
aiz: My name is Ais Wallenstein! 
aiz: Sword Princess and sworn ally of the wind itself!
bell: Huh?! A-Ais, what in the world are you doing?!
aqua: Oh, welcome back. Megumin and I have been giving her some pointers. 
aqua: She looks much cooler now, don't you think?
bell: U-Um... Well, it's just... 
bell: You don't quite seem like the Ais that I'm used to...
aiz: Is it that strange?
bell: Of course not! You'll always be Ais, no matter what!
megumin: The speed at which she mastered my teachings is nothing short of amazing. 
megumin: She has the makings of greatness.
aqua: I'm surprised at how fast she picks things up, too. 
aqua: She mastered that party trick in no time flat.
aiz: This is sure to surprise everyone... 
aiz: Nature's Beauty.
bell: Ais performing a party trick? 
bell: You're right. That's going to surprise everyone for sure, haha.
aqua: Make sure to straighten your back! You need to lift your leg a bit higher, too!
aiz: L-Like this...? 
aiz: Ah!
bell: Look out!
aiz: Whoops. Sorry about that.
bell: N-No! It's all right, really! 
bell: A-Although... Your face is a bit close...
aiz: My face?
hestia: Stop 
hestia: whatever you're doing! 
hestia: Something smells fishy here!
bell: G-Goddess?!
hestia: Aha! I knew it! Wallenwhatsit, 
hestia: get your filthy hands off my Bell this instant, you hear me?!
bell: W-Wait. Goddess, she was just—
hestia: I won't hear your excuses! 
hestia: I can't leave you alone for one minute without some girl—
aiz: Well, I should get to my usual training before it gets too late. 
aiz: Megumin, Aqua, thank you again for the lesson.
megumin: It was our pleasure. 
megumin: I hope you make good use of what you learned today.
aqua: Let's chat again soon. 
aqua: I'll tell you all about our fierce battles with the Devil King's generals!
aiz: I'll look forward to it.
hestia: Hey! Don't just walk out while I'm talking!
aiz: If this proves effective, I will l have to ask them for more lessons.
