Ainz P1
ナレーション: Having accepted a quest to track down a stolen gem, Kazuma and Ainz's group were closing in on the thieves...
ainz: This is the thieves' base of operations? It looks more like a noble estate, if you ask me.
kazuma: It's even got a gatekeeper. And look at how tight the security is.
albedo: You... 
albedo: call that tight security?
shalltear: Perhaps he means by human standards. 
shalltear: Lord Ainz, allow me to handle this. Getting through the gate would be a simple—
ainz: No, let's stick to Kazuma's plan. You two take care of the guards. 
ainz: And as always, refrain from using lethal force.
Albedo, Shalltear: As you wish, Lord Ainz.
kazuma: I wish things went this smoothly when I gave orders...
ainz: Are you referring to Aqua and the others? With their power, surely they could handle a quest of this level with ease.
kazuma: I wish. Nothing's ever easy with them around. 
kazuma: If they were here, they'd already have screwed things up somehow.
kazuma: Megumin never listens, Darkness is constantly charging in, and Aqua always blows all our earnings. 
kazuma: It never ends.
ainz: I-I see. That does sound rough...
kazuma: Your group makes me seriously jealous. Not only are your subordinates powerful, but they're cute to boot.
ainz: They certainly are powerful... 
ainz: But Kazuma, I believe you may have misunderstood one thing.
kazuma: Oh? What's that?
albedo: Lord Ainz, stage one of the plan is complete.
kazuma: Already?! 
kazuma: See?! They really are great...
ainz: Well done.
shalltear: I would not have you pretend that you had acted alone! 
shalltear:  My love! The majority of the work 
shalltear: was mine!
ainz: Oh, um... Good work, Shalltear.
albedo: Excuse me? That's a boldfaced lie, and you know it! I am the 
albedo: I was the one who knocked the guards out, then hid the—
shalltear: Which you never would've done if I hadn't drawn their attention! 
shalltear: And we both hid the bodies! Cease your false claims! 
albedo: You're the only one here making false claims. 
albedo: Does all that padding in your chest affect your memory too?
ainz: Stop your bickering. We're in the middle of a quest. 
Albedo, Shalltear: Deepest apologies, Lord Ainz! We will not disgrace you again. 
ainz: See that it doesn't. Pardon the interruption, Kazuma. 
ainz: Shall we continue? 
Thief A: Just great. Stuck with the night shift again. I joined up to be a thief, not a guard. 
Thief B: Stop complaining and get moving. All we gotta do is walk to the gem vault and back. 
shalltear: Patrols are such a bother. Let's knock them out and— 
ainz: Wait. They know the location of the gem. We should follow them quietly. 
kazuma: That would definitely speed things up a bit. 
kazuma: In that case, I've got the perfect skill for the job!
albedo: Well, well. You're full of surprises. 
kazuma: I've heard that one before. Any objections to me scouting ahead to find the vault? 
ainz: I have a similar skill. With Perfect Unknowable, I can— 
ainz: Wait, I still don't know that much about this world. My skills might not work the same way here. 
shalltear: Lord Ainz, is everything all right? 
ainz: It's nothing. 
ainz: Kazuma, I shall leave this task to you. 
kazuma: Leave it to me. Don't miss me too much! 
ainz: So the jewel we're after is inside this vault? 
albedo: It looks quite sturdy. How do we break into it? 
kazuma: Don't worry about that. I can use my Lockpick skill. 
kazuma: I've opened plenty of vaults like this before. 
shalltear: Are you by chance a thief, Kazuma? 
kazuma: I'm not, but that does sound kinda cool, huh? Kazuma the Thief! 
kazuma: There, it's unlocked. Now I just give this a spin and—
kazuma: 　
ainz: Was that an alarm?! 
kazuma: Blast! 
kazuma: I should have known something was up with how lax that patrol was! 
kazuma: The vault has a security system! 
ainz: What's done is done. Shalltear, can you break the wall? 
shalltear: Of course! As simple as twisting a baby's wrist! 
shalltear: Hyaaaaaah! 
kazuma: Whoa! Hold on, Ainz! What are you doing?! This wasn't part of the plan! 
ainz: Apologies, Kazuma. I was afraid you might be against such violence, but I acted in face of an emergency. 
ainz: Now then, Albedo, retrieve the gem and we will—Hm? Is the ceiling collapsing? 
ainz: 　
kazuma: Run! Let's get outta here! 
ainz: Their hideout has been reduced to a pile of rubble. 
shalltear: My deepest apologies, Lord Ainz! 
shalltear: I only meant to nudge the door! I didn't realize the building was so fragile! 
albedo: Look what you've done! How are we supposed to find the gem under all this?!
ainz: Can you find it, Kazuma? 
kazuma: If I'm right, it should be right around...  
kazuma: Here it is! 
ainz: My apologies, Kazuma. If the gem is damaged, this should make up for it. 
kazuma: Is this some kind of potion? 
ainz: You should be able to sell that for a handsome amount. A leader must make amends for their subordinates' mistakes.
kazuma: Really, you don't have to do this. 
kazuma: Hm? 
shalltear: I would appreciate it if you'd cease your complaining. You're just as responsible for not stopping me!
albedo: What sort of logic is that?! Is your head as empty as your bra?! 
albedo: You will be punished for disgracing Lord Ainz!
ainz: Enough, both of you. We cannot undo what has been done. 
ainz: We must take this lesson and exercise caution in the future. 
ainz: Why do these two always have to be like this? Dealing with Kazuma's friends seems so much easier...
kazuma: I guess Ainz has it pretty tough after all. 
ナレーション: Luckily, the gem was undamaged. Kazuma and Ainz now shared an understanding of how difficult they each had it...
