Ainz P2
megumin: Ainz, I challenge you to a contest! 
ainz: A contest? What are you thinking? 
megumin: A contest of magic! You claim to be a powerful sorcerer, so let's see which is stronger, my explosion magic or— 
megumin: 　
kazuma: Hold it right there! Sorry about that, Ainz. 
kazuma: We didn't mean to interrupt you while you're searching for a quest.
megumin: Kazuma, let go! Don't grab me by the neck! 
megumin: I'm not a cat! 
ainz: Oh, hello Kazuma! No apologies needed. The selection is rather scarce today. 
megumin: That means you have time for my contest! I recently found the perfect location! 
megumin: My explosions shine brighter than ever there! 
kazuma: You even have a location picked out already? 
kazuma: How long  have been planning this for? 
ainz: I admire your determination. 
ainz: Is everyone from the Crimson Demon Clan like this? 
kazuma: For the most part, yeah. I can vouch for their magical talent, 
kazuma: but they've all got a few screws loose. 
megumin: What's that supposed to mean?! 
ainz: Well, I admit I am interested to see your magic in action. 
ainz: Very well, Megumin. I accept your challenge. 
megumin: Really?! Thank you so much! 
megumin: Kazuma, you're the judge! C'mon! 
kazuma: Yeah, yeah. 
kazuma: Judge and your ride back home, huh? 
ainz: This'll be a great chance to learn more about the magic here. I'm pretty excited for this! 
ainz: This seems to be a fair distance from the city. 
ainz: Shall we begin? 
kazuma: All right, here goes. 
kazuma: This contest will consist of a single round! I'm your judge, Kazuma Satou! 
kazuma: Now, let the contest begin! 
ainz: Summon Undead! Summon Beast! Summon Angel!
megumin: What?! Summoning?! 
ainz: Now, allow me to see the true extent of your powers! How will you handle this horde? 
Monsters: Grrroooarrr! 
kazuma: There's way too many! 
kazuma: Megumin, are you sure about this?! 
megumin: Don't doubt a Crimson Demon. 
megumin: Torrent of darkness and crimson brilliance! Release your power and crush those who stand before me!
ainz: Impressive. The Crimson Demons live up to their reputation. 
ainz: Still, even seasoned warriors have difficulty with these. 
megumin: A seasoned warrior is nothing compared to my explosive magic! Here goes! 
megumin: Explosion!
Monsters: Grrraaaaaarrr... 
kazuma: Great job, Megumin! 
kazuma: You sure are fired up today. 
ainz: Every last monster wiped out in one attack, hm? 
ainz: An inspiring demonstration! Now, time for round two! 
megumin: Heh... Hehehe... 
megumin: I told you...I'd win... 
ainz: What? Is she okay? 
kazuma: I did say it would be a single round. She can only fire off her explosion magic once per day. 
ainz: Surely you just. Is this your plan to throw me off guard? You must be able to use magic more than once.
megumin: Nope. Nada. I can't even stand right now. 
ainz: I see. It must be a trade-off for using a spell of such magnitude. 
megumin: Kazuma, carry me please. 
kazuma: It's what I'm here for. 
kazuma: Nice explosion! 
ainz: What was that for? 
megumin: It's his congrats when I have an especially good explosion. 
megumin: Give it a try, Ainz. Just stick your thumb up like this and...
megumin: Nice explosion! 
ainz: N-Nice explosion... 
kazuma: So, about the results of the contest... 
ainz: Ah. I believe it'd be fair to call this a draw. 
ainz: I didn't expect you to defeat every last one of my monsters.
ainz: Perhaps I should learn this explosion magic as well. 
megumin: Oh! Shall we master the explosive arts together?!
ainz: Actually, trying a few spells may help me understand this world's magic better. 
ainz: Megumin, may I ask some questions? 
megumin: Of course, ask away. 
megumin: I knew someone of your caliber would understand the greatness of my explosion magic.
kazuma: If you think it'll help, great. 
kazuma: Now then, one last time! 
Kazuma, Megumin: Nice explosion ♪ 
ainz: Nice explosion ♪
ナレーション: Ainz and Megumin both enjoyed discussing magical theory all the way back to the mansion...
