Albedo P2
albedo: ...
Adventurer A: Check that out! Is that guy an actual skeleton? He's gotta be bad news. 
albedo: Grr...
Adventurer B: I heard his names is Ainz. He's supposed to be a new adventurer or something, but he looks more like something adventurers would hunt. 
albedo: That's it! How dare these mere, insignificant humans insult Lord Ainz so? I will punish them with the full extent of my power! 
ainz: Stop, Albedo. This behavior was to be expected, 
ainz: so let us be on our way. 
albedo: But Lord Ainz! To demean your greatness is—
kazuma: Tone it down a bit, will ya? 
kazuma: People are starting to stare.
darkness: It is because you conduct yourself in such a frightening manner that the townspeople begin to rumble and gossip. 
megumin: Darkness is right. You scared off that poor guy when Ainz 
megumin: tried giving back the item he dropped.
albedo: ...He should consider himself lucky. Insulting Lord Ainz by running away after being assisted by him 
albedo: deserves death!
shalltear: My, my. Such a vulgar reaction. 
shalltear: Acting like the untamed gorilla you are only makes your lack of class more apparent.
albedo: You slimy little eel! 
albedo: The fact that slights against Lord Ainz don't anger you demonstrates your lack of loyalty!
shalltear: How dare you question my loyalty. 
shalltear: I would simply force any humans who dare raise their head to our lord to become my servant. 
albedo: Selfishly attempting to increase your retinue? 
albedo: I won't allow it. We must make an example of those who would insult Lord Ainz.
ainz: Both of you, calm yourselves. Our mission here is to gather information and I have expressly forbidden violence. 
albedo: B-But Lord Ainz...!
ainz: *Sigh* If you wish to demonstrate your loyalty, then assist with our objective. 
ainz: You two are all I have to rely on in this world, you know.
albedo: I cannot express the joy it gives me to hear you say that, Lord Ainz! 
albedo: Please, I beg forgiveness for my foolishness.
darkness: Phew... Looks like he managed to calm them down.
albedo: In order to carry out Lord Ainz's will, I must gain the people's trust here. 
albedo: What must I do to accomplish this, Kazuma? 
kazuma: Huh? Me? 
albedo: Yes, indeed. Lord Ainz has judged you a character of keen intellect. I therefore will defer to your knowledge as well. 
megumin: Intelligent is a stretch. Crafty? Manipulative? 
kazuma: For once, shut up! *Ahem* 
kazuma: Albedo, if you really think I can help, 
kazuma: I'll do my best! 
kazuma: I can teach you a lot about this world. For example, we're the reason giant rainbow toads are hopping around.
albedo: You have my thanks. 
albedo: For now, I will do as Lord Ainz said and...get along with the human. 
kazuma: Hm... You're a succubus, right? Unfortunately, a lot of folks around here tend to distrust non-humans. 
kazuma: Wait a second. If you're a succubus...
Male Customer: You said your name was Albedo? Such a slender frame. Your beauty is mesmerizing.
albedo: Thank you for the lovely compliment. 
albedo: Would you care to join me for a chat?
Male Customer: I'd love too! Testing our compatibility before jumping straight into the dream is a great idea. 
albedo: Hehe. Wonderful. Come this way, I would be happy to tell you all about the Supreme One.
kazuma: When you think succubus, you think of this place. 
kazuma: Things seem to be going well. She's been friendly with customers all day. 
kazuma: If she can keep this up, people will start warming up to Albedo, and in turn Ainz! 
Adventurer A: Ow! Hey, watch where you're—
ainz: Hm? Oh, my apologies. Are you hurt?
Adventurer A: L-Lord Ainz?! P-P-Please forgive me! I'll never bump into you again, so just please don't haunt my dreams!
ainz: Whatever do you mean? 
ainz: Hey, wait! 
ainz: And he's gone...
kazuma: Ainz? Why're you just standing there? 
megumin: And what happened with that adventurer? He looked like he saw a ghost. 
darkness: Are the people still afraid of you?
kazuma: That's weird. It seemed like Albedo was doing a good job. At the very least, the guy adventurers should've had a change of opinion. 
ainz: I'm not too sure, either. He ran off screaming about a dream. 
albedo: Your idea has proven incredibly effective, Kazuma! 
albedo: Allow me to thank you once again for your assistance.
kazuma: Albedo, what's going on? Everyone's even more scared of Ainz than before. 
albedo: Yes, isn't it wonderful? 
albedo: I've been showing Lord Ainz's magnificent achievements in the human patrons' dreams. 
ainz: ...My achievements?
albedo: Indeed. I showed them the delight you take in crushing those foolish enough to oppose you, 
albedo: and the despair they feel in the face of your might!
albedo: Now the men of this town all properly recognize you as a being to be feared and awed by, Lord Ainz.
ainz: Albedo, did I not tell you the objective was to improve the general public's opinion of me? 
albedo: Yes! I ensured that the riffraff understood your greatness and did not approach the Supreme One so casually! 
kazuma: That's what you were doing? 
kazuma: I'm starting to think helping you was a bad idea...
albedo: Hehehe! Yes! Yes! My plan is working splendidly!
ナレーション: Kazuma and company stood baffled as Albedo laughed maniacally to herself, an evil grin spreading across her face...
