Shalltear P1
shalltear: Of course, that was only a fraction of my true power. 
shalltear: Does that help you understand my world's variety of vampire?
megumin: Wow... Your display of power was inspiring, Shalltear! 
megumin: My Crimson Demon heartstrings are simply singing right now!
shalltear: Hehe! For mere humans, this Crimson Demon Clan you speak of seem to have a more refined grasp of greatness. 
megumin: Well, naturally! But that reminds me. 
megumin: Can you show me your introduction pose? 
megumin: How do you announce yourself when making an entrance?
shalltear: An entrance pose? 
shalltear: I do nothing of the sort. Vampires are the merciless creatures of the night. 
shalltear: My visage is enough without some silly pose. 
megumin: What?! That's sacrilege! 
megumin: An affront to magic itself! Vampires are too cool to not have a pose worthy of their greatness! 
shalltear: I don't think I follow. 
megumin: Hehehe! Fear not! As thanks for sharing tales of another 
megumin: world, I shall devise for you the coolest pose in all existence!
megumin: No, more like this! 
megumin: Put your hand on your hip while covering part of your face, then flash a knowing grin.
shalltear: I think not. I am a vampire, the epitome of ruthlessness and beauty. Such a repulsive pose is far beneath me.
megumin: Repulsive?! What sort of pose speaks to you, then? 
shalltear: I have no need for such a thing as a "pose". As I explained, the beauty my mere presence exudes is more than sufficient.
megumin: I'm talking about coolness, not beauty! You're a vampire! 
megumin: We need to capture how cool and powerful you are! 
shalltear: This must be the how, how did he say it, "delusional theatrics" Kazuma warned me about. 
shalltear: How utterly bothersome...
megumin: Don't knock it 'til you've tried it! 
megumin: Trust me! I can tell you've got exactly what it takes 
megumin: for the perfect pose!
kazuma: What are you two up to?
megumin: Oh, hey Kazuma. 
megumin: What are you doing here?
kazuma: I've been showing Ainz around town and thought he might 
kazuma: like seeing where Axel Hearts performs.
shalltear: Please, assist me Kazuma. Megumin is pestering me about this strange "entrance pose" she is utterly obsessed with. 
ainz: Shalltear, you mustn't be rude. You should try being open to our new friends' culture. 
shalltear: B-But Lord Ainz!
kazuma: Huh, I wasn't expecting that response.
ainz: Eye patches and bandages... I understand your hesitance, Shalltear,
ainz: but theatrical types like her aren't the type to just go away if you ask nicely. 
shalltear: Please accept my apologies. My reaction has been most shameful and unkind.
shalltear: Lord Ainz has spoken correctly, of course. I should be open to the customs of your world. 
megumin: Don't sweat it at all!
megumin: Here, I'll demonstrate my cool pose again! Go ahead and give it a try!
shalltear: Understood. 
shalltear: Is this correct? 
megumin: Hmm, close! 
megumin: But more like this! 
megumin: Then...this! 
megumin: And...this! 
megumin: Angle your arm more here! And then deliver your message!
shalltear: Ngh... So many minor details...
megumin: I only say so because you're picking it up so quickly. All right, let's give it another try! You're nearly there!
shalltear: So I hold my arm like this, then give my message?
megumin: Yeah, that's the way! Much better! 
megumin: Imagine how you'll impress your Lord Ainz once you perfect it! 
kazuma: For someone who was so against this, Shalltear is being a really dutiful student. 
kazuma: You know, she looks pretty good! 
ainz: Haha. Shalltear may not seem the type, but she always puts her all into things. Honestly, she takes it a bit too far sometimes. 
shalltear: Hmph! My name is Shalltear!
shalltear: Guardian of the Great Tomb of Nazarick and servant to the Supreme One, Ainz Ooal Gown!
shalltear: Ruthless, cruel, and unjust, I am the epitome of beauty!
megumin: Th-That was the best entrance pose I've ever witnessed! 
megumin: You simply exude coolness! And you put your own personality into it too! 
megumin: I'll bet Ainz was thoroughly impressed as well!
ainz: I suppose these theatrics of hers aren't all bad.
shalltear: Lord Ainz! Your approval fills me with emotion and joy beyond words! 
shalltear: You have my gratitude, Megumin. I was right. For a human, you have a proper grasp of what is important.
megumin: See, I told you! 
megumin: But remember, practice makes perfect. We're just getting started!
kazuma: I suddenly don't like this. 
shalltear: Please, teach me everything you know. 
shalltear: I will do whatever it takes to impress Lord Ainz.
megumin: I would be delighted to! Let's run it from the top, and I'll give you some notes on where you can improve. 
kazuma: You sure you want to let them keep this up, Ainz?
ainz: They appear to be enjoying themselves. I was actually considering joining them.
kazuma: What?!
ainz: Oh, forget I said anything.
shalltear: My name is Shalltear! Guardian of the Great Tomb of Nazarick and dedicated to my one true love, 
shalltear: the great Lord Ainz!
