Shalltear P2
Cabbage: Cabba-cabba!
shalltear: Hehehe! My prey never escapes me! 
shalltear: Hyaaah!
Cabbage: Cabbaaa!
shalltear: Hmph. The lack of blood is a bit disappointing, 
shalltear: but hunting desperate prey as they run for their lives is invigorating. 
kazuma: Wow, you took down all those cabbages singlehandedly, Shalltear. 
shalltear: Please, think nothing of it. 
shalltear: Consider it an apology for how I lost control. 
megumin: My explosion magic would've gloriously took them all out in one go, you know. 
darkness: Yes, but as we've well learned, then there wouldn't be even a single leaf of cabbage left. 
aqua: I guess she wasn't half bad. 
aqua: But as a goddess, I still don't approve of an undead's actions. 
kazuma: Stop being immature and at least try to get along. 
kazuma: Thanks a ton for the help, Shalltear! 
shalltear: Such an act is child's play for me. 
ainz: As Shalltear said, we hope to make amends for the trouble we caused. Please allow us to assist however we can. 
shalltear: That was quite an odd experience, though. I've never seen flying vegetables before coming to this world.
kazuma: I know that feeling. 
kazuma: But with things like running sharks and fish growing in fields in this world, 
kazuma: you have to just learn to accept it.
shalltear: What a truly strange world. 
shalltear: I hope we don't run into any of those... 
ainz: I'm kinda curious, though.
darkness: A job well done, everyone! To complete the quest, our last task is to deliver the vegetables! 
kazuma: We'll have to wait until tomorrow to call for a wagon. For tonight, looks like we'll be braving nature's elements. 
kazuma: Tinder!
ainz: You seem quite accustomed to this. You set up camp like it was second nature. 
kazuma: It's not ideal, but you get used to it pretty quickly as an adventurer here. 
kazuma: I'll whip up some cabbage stir fry for dinner. 
ainz: These flying vegetables are even edible? 
shalltear: Th-They certainly don't look delicious. 
aqua: Kazuma! We need a snack for the bubbly! 
aqua: Mmm, delicious! I could eat this every day!
ainz: It's that good? It's a shame Hamsuke can't experience this. 
kazuma: It always feels good to see people enjoying my cooking.
aqua: Pwaaah! A cold glass of bubbly is exactly what I deserve after a hard day's work! 
aqua: This gives my life meaning! 
darkness: Aqua, slow down. You always get sick when you drink like that. 
megumin: Where were you even keeping all this? 
megumin: We're adventurers on a valiant quest, not vacation. 
kazuma: She's worse than usual. I wonder if it's because you guys are here. 
ainz: My apologies. I don't want to cause even more trouble. 
shalltear: Lord Ainz, why do you apologize? You have done no wrong here. 
kazuma: Yeah, no need to say sorry. She's always squabbling with Wiz and Vanir too. 
kazuma: Unfortunately, I'm used to it. 
ainz: Thank you. I appreciate you saying— 
ainz: Shalltear.
shalltear: Yes, I feel it too. Monsters are approaching quickly.
Undead: Grooooooaaar...
kazuma: More undead? 
kazuma: Damn it, they're after Aqua! 
darkness: That's quite a horde of them. 
megumin: What's the plan? My explosion magic is queued up and ready to go! 
kazuma: Nah. If it's undead after Aqua, then Aqua can deal with them. 
kazuma: Hey, Aqua! Purifying time! 
aqua: Zzzzzzzzz... Mmm... No, leave me alone... 
aqua: Can't you see I'm busy drinking?
kazuma: Of all the times to be asleep! You're such a holy pain in the rear! 
kazuma: Make yourself useful for once! We need your purification magic! 
shalltear: She appears to be rather dead to the world. 
shalltear: Allow me. I'm more than capable of a task like this. 
kazuma: That'd be a big help! Thanks!
shalltear: I'm still indebted to you, after all. I'll take care of this— 
shalltear: Oh dear?!
Undead A: Grooooooaaar...
shalltear: Th-Those undead...! 
shalltear: I'm terribly sorry, but I simply cannot bring myself to harm those adorable creatures!
shalltear: The way they creep on all fours... 
shalltear: Those marvelously bony figures... They're absolutely beautiful!
kazuma: Say what now? 
ainz: Ah. Shalltear is obsessed with the dead. 
shalltear: I-I mean, just look! Those alluring shapes, their spindly figures! 
shalltear: It's mesmerizing! I can't look away. 
kazuma: Megumin, explosion. Go for it.
megumin: EXPLOSION!!!
shalltear: NOOOO! 
shalltear: Those beautiful bones!
ainz: Shalltear. I respect your...preference, but try to remember there is a time and place for everything. 
