A Loving Hand for Our Party in Winter! - P2
ナレーション: After accepting the man's request on behalf of Wiz, Kazuma and his party found themselves in front of a large manor...
megumin: I hear this used to be a nobleman's villa.
darkness: It's quite generous of the owner to let us stay here if we clear out the evil spirits inside.
kazuma: Wiz is known in town as an expert spellcaster. She gets requests like this all the time.
aqua: This'll get us through the winter. Looks like our luck is starting to change for the better!
kazuma: The owner said that no matter how many times the place gets exorcised, the spirits keep coming back.
aqua: Leave it to me! I'm both a goddess and an arch priestess. There's no better hunter of the undead than me!
kazuma: Your enthusiasm worries me more than anything else.\n
kazuma: At any rate, let's clean the place out and stay the night!
ナレーション: After giving the place a good cleaning and completing the purification ritual, the party was resting peacefully...
kazuma_jersey: I need to go to the bathroom. 
kazuma_jersey: Huh?
kazuma_jersey: Was that doll in this room earlier?\n
kazuma_jersey: No, I'd definitely remember it!
ナレーション: Upon waking up in the middle of the night, Kazuma noticed he was surrounded by numerous dolls...
kazuma_jersey: Oh, come ON! I thought Aqua purified this place earlier... These dolls better not start talking, or—
Doll: Ahaha! Ahahahahahaha!
kazuma_jersey: NNNNNNOOOOOOPE! Not happening! This is just a dream!
kazuma_jersey: What fresh hell is this?! I'm totally freaking out here! Aqua, the dolls are MO-VING!
megumin: Eeeeeeeek!
kazuma_jersey: Yaaaaaagh! Wait, it's you, Megumin! That was close... 
kazuma_jersey: I almost peed my pants.
megumin: I was about to say the same thing! Anyway, where's Aqua?!
megumin: There are dolls running all over the place. Can you accompany me to the bathroom?
kazuma_jersey: You too, huh? Uh oh, that scream just about pushed me over the edge...
kazuma_jersey: Hey, Megumin. Turn around and plug your ears for a sec, okay? I'm gonna go out the window.
megumin: That's no fair. Why do you get to be the one who goes first?
kazuma_jersey: Hey, let go of me. If you don't, it's not gonna be pretty.
megumin: We're friends, right? We stick together no matter what, even if it's a trip to the bathroom.
kazuma_jersey: Gah, let go! Stop acting like we're best friends all of the sudden! If you need to go, you can use this vase—
megumin: What?! Are you seriously expecting me to go in a vase?!
megumin: I won't have it! If you're gonna try to do your business, I'll grab you from behind and—
Doll: Gyahahahaha!
megumin: Eeeeeek!
kazuma_jersey: There's even more of them! Let's get outta here!
ナレーション: The laughter of innumerable dolls could be heard from outside the room...
Doll A: Hehehehe...
Doll B: Ahahahaha...
kazuma_jersey: I've had enough, and so has my bladder. So...do you wanna use the vase together?
megumin: Darker than darkness, blacker than the moonless night, I beseech thee, entwine thyself with my deep crimson...
kazuma_jersey: What are you doing?! Do you wanna blow this whole place up?!
ナレーション: Someone pounded on the door, shaking it on its hinges.
megumin: Yikes...
kazuma_jersey: Time for a last resort. Megumin, get out of here and leave this to me, okay? I'll use Drain Touch to sap their magic!
kazuma_jersey: Okay! Show's almost over! Our goddess'll be here any minute to fix up all of you for good!
aqua: Yeeek!
kazuma_jersey: What?
aqua: Ah... Umm... Uh...
darkness: Oh, no! Are you all right, Aqua? Kazuma, you ought to refrain from opening doors so suddenly in the future.
ナレーション: Kazuma cleaned every last corner of the manor as he waited for Aqua to regain consciousness...
luna: Excellent work. So excellent, in fact, you've been given a special reward for clearing out the evil spirits.
kazuma: Why were there so many evil spirits there?
luna: It appears someone placed a massive barrier around the nearby cemetery as some sort of prank.
luna: With nowhere else to go, the spirits started haunting that abandoned manor.
aqua: Ugh...
kazuma: What do you know? Spill.
aqua: Remember when Wiz asked me to exorcise the spirits from the cemetery?
aqua: Going to the cemetery all the time is SO annoying, though.
aqua: So, you know, I figured I could just cover the whole thing so the spirits couldn't hang...there...anymore.
kazuma: We're not accepting the special reward from the guild. Do you hear me?
aqua: ...Yeah.
wiz: Good for you, Kazuma, for getting to live in such a nice place!
kazuma: I'm just glad the owner's so nice. Sorry for all the trouble we caused you, Wiz.
wiz: Oh, don't even worry about it. Well, I need to get back to the store. Give everyone my best.
kazuma: Sure thing. Thanks for dropping by.
aqua: Kazuma! The food's ready, so come on in so it doesn't get cold!
kazuma: Finally... The life of peace I've always dreamed of.
kazuma: Got it! I'll be right there!
