God's Blessing on This Wonderful Shop! - P1
ナレーション: Kazuma joined Dust on a trip to a mysterious succubus shop...
kazuma: I'd never be able to go to a place like this by myself.
front_succubus: All right, please just wait a moment. Step right this way, sir.
dust: O-Okay... 
dust: This is gonna be fun, Kazuma!
kazuma: I heard that this shop provides male adventurers with pleasant dreams. 
kazuma: Hm?
kazuma: Wh-What are you doing here?!
tough_guy: Welcome to the gates of Hell, friend!\n
tough_guy: Have a good time, you daredevil!
kazuma: Y-Yeah...
front_succubus: We're ready for you now. This is your first time here, right? Allow me to explain our system.
kazuma: Y-Yes, it is. Go right ahead!
front_succubus: We succubi have built a mutually beneficial relationship with the male adventurers of this town.
front_succubus: Many of you sleep in stables, right? This causes certain... frustrations, we understand.
front_succubus: However, without the proper privacy, these frustrations simply build and build.
front_succubus: Thus, we have devised a means to provide relief for adventurers through their dreams.
front_succubus: It drains a small bit of their life force, but not enough to interfere with their daily routines or field work.
kazuma: Incredible! If men could avoid having to stress over such things, there'd be peace in the world!
front_succubus: Please fill out this form to choose what sort of dream you'd like to have this evening.
kazuma: This asks how I want to see myself in the dream, including my gender and appearance. What should I put?
front_succubus: If you'd like to be a king or a hero, write that. Some even choose to be women in their dreams.
front_succubus: Others have asked to be young men pushed around by powerful female adventurers.
kazuma: Now I'm kinda worried about the men in this town...
front_succubus: You can select your companion's personality and manner of speech. Nothing is impossible.
kazuma: So I could be with someone famous? Or someone I know? Or even a 2D waifu?
front_succubus: That's right, although I'm not sure what a 2D waifu is.
kazuma: Would copyright infringement be an issue?
front_succubus: No need to concern yourself about that. It's only a dream.
kazuma: Sure, of course!
kazuma: Yeah! There's no harm in a little old dream!\n
kazuma: This shop is the best!
front_succubus: Oh, and be careful not to eat or drink too much tonight. 
front_succubus: You won't be able to have good dreams if you do.
kazuma: Roger that!
aqua: Be happy, Kazuma. Dinner's gonna be delicious tonight! We're having giant crab!
ナレーション: Although Kazuma had planned to eat light and go to bed early, he was met with the delicious aroma of crab and stew...
darkness: My family sent this crab as a housewarming gift. We've even got the drinks to go with it!
kazuma_jersey: Of course this would happen on the day I need to go to bed early!
megumin: I never thought I'd even see marbled red crab, let alone eat it! I am so glad I joined this party!
megumin: Mmm... 
megumin: *Chomp*
aqua: *Slurp* 
aqua: Yum.
kazuma_jersey: Whoooaaa! This is freakin' delicious! More!
aqua: Check this out, Kazuma. Pour some broth into the shell, then cook it on the grill...
aqua: *Glug glug* 
aqua: Ahh! It's super delicious.
kazuma_jersey: That looks good... Lemme try!
kazuma_jersey: Ah! I can't! The succubus said if I want a good dream,\nI can't eat or drink too much!
darkness: *Sigh* This really does hit the spot. Simply delectable!
kazuma_jersey: Eyes on the prize. Eyes on the prize... Once I start, I won't be able to hold back!
megumin: Oh! I want some, too!
darkness: No, you're still just a child.
aqua: Well, I'm chugging tonight! I'm feeling pretty good now, so I'll show you a new party trick I learned!
aqua: It's a Mobile Fortress Destroyer shadow puppet!
megumin: Ooh... It looks and moves so realistically!\n
megumin: It's just like a real live Destroyer!
darkness: You've replicated its movements perfectly!
kazuma_jersey: What the heck is this "Destroyer" you're talking about?!
darkness: Hm? What's wrong, Kazuma? Is the food not to your liking?
kazuma_jersey: No, the crab is great. It's just I had a big lunch, so I'm kinda full. I'll have some tomorrow!
darkness: I see... It's a token of my gratitude, so I was hoping you'd eat your fill tonight.
kazuma_jersey: Now she's starting to make me feel guilty... 
kazuma_jersey: Okay. I suppose I could join them and then go to sleep.
kazuma_jersey: I could just forget about the succubus's dream... Focus on the friends in front of me...
kazuma_jersey: Indeed, the answer is staring me right in the face! There was never any shadow of a doubt!
kazuma_jersey: I know it's a bit early, but I'm headed to bed. Good night, everyone.
Aqua, Megumin ＆ Darkness: Huh?
ナレーション: As the others looked on with puzzled faces, Kazuma went to his room to get ready for his dream...
