A Conclusion to This Worthless Fight! - P1
Announcement: Emergency! Emergency! All adventurers, prepare for battle and assemble at the main gate!
ナレーション: When they heard the announcement, Kazuma's party rushed to the main gate...
aqua: Huh? Isn't that the dullahan from before?
Dullahan: You... Why haven't you come to my castle?!\n
Dullahan: And you call yourselves human!
kazuma: Why is he so angry?! We haven't been blowing up his castle anymore!
Dullahan: Not blowing up my castle anymore?! That's a lie, and you know it! 
Dullahan: That Crimson maniac has been blowing up my castle every day for a week!
kazuma: Uh, Megumin?
megumin: Well... Ever since I learned how good it feels to make something so big and hard explode, I'm not satisfied by anything less.
kazuma: That definitely didn't come out right.
Dullahan: Stop ignoring me, you knaves!
beldia: I am Verdia. You will listen to me! The damage to the castle annoys me, but there is another reason for my boundless rage.
beldia: That crusader, the one who protected her comrade from my death curse, is the ideal knight! To abandon such perfection to a terrible fate is—
darkness: H-Hi there... You think I'm the ideal knight? 
darkness: I'm flattered.
beldia: Whaaat?!
darkness: Aha... Ahahahaha...
beldia: You're...still alive? How are you still alive?!
aqua: The dullahan didn't realize we broke the curse right after he left?! Ha! He's been sitting in his castle this whole time waiting for us!
aqua: Pft! *Snicker* That's completely hilarious!
beldia: Silence! I demand respect! Stop laughing at me, or I'll destroy every living person in this town!
aqua: You talk a big game for a wimpy undead. But you won't once I'm through with you! 
aqua: Turn Undead!
beldia: The spellcraft of a beginning adventurer cannot harm— 
beldia: Arrrgggh!
aqua: Kazuma! Something's wrong! My spell didn't work on him!
kazuma: It looked like it worked to me...\n
kazuma: He yelled, "Arrrgggh!" 
kazuma: ...And everything.
beldia: Tch! I won't stoop to fighting you myself. Go forth, my undead knights, and show this lot a glimpse of hell!
Undead Knights: Rrrraaaaaarrrrr!
beldia: The creatures from the black fog are my kin. You will face them first, and they will slaughter you all!
kazuma: Megumin! Now!
megumin: Behold my fearsome power!\n
megumin: Explosion!
beldia: Gyaaaaaauuugh!
Adventurer A: She did it! The Crimson Demon girl's nuts, but she did it!
Adventurer B: She's a weirdo, and her name's a joke, but she came through in the end!
megumin: That felt...so good.
beldia: Haha... Amusing! Mwahahahaha! Yes, very amusing! I did not think my underlings could be slain so easily!
kazuma: Huh? But that explosion magic was a direct hit.
beldia: Very well. I shall attend to each one of you personally.
Adventurer A: Don't panic! Our town's savior is on his way!
kazuma: What town savior?
Adventurer C: Once Master Mitsurugi shows up, he'll take this guy down with a single blow!
kazuma: Mitsurugi?! The same Mitsurugi whose magic sword I stole and pawned?
beldia: Oho... 
beldia: We shall see if you can hold out until he arrives!
darkness: Verdia! I challenge you! 
darkness: Hraaaaaah!
beldia: How could I turn down a battle against a holy knight?!
kazuma: No, Darkness! You can't take him on alone!
darkness: I will not stand idly by and allow you to harm anyone else!
beldia: Enough.
ナレーション: Verdia tossed his helmet into the air, lifted his two-handed sword, and brought it down hard on Darkness.
darkness: Aaarrrgh... 
darkness: Ah!
kazuma: That's enough, Darkness! Get out of there!
darkness: Surely you jest! No true crusader stands down if someone is in need of their protection!
darkness: And this dullahan is skilled enough to have been slowly whittling away at my armor.
darkness: He still has yet to strip me down completely, of course. He knew 
darkness: leaving just enough over key parts of my body would be even MORE shameful!
beldia: Huh? N-No! Th-That's not it at all!
darkness: So the Devil King's army wishes to degrade me? Come on, then, demon.\n
darkness: Strike me again! Do it now!
kazuma: Will you PLEASE consider the situation at hand instead of taking a one-way trip into your weird-ass perversions?!
darkness: MY perversions?! Oh, because YOU'RE one 
darkness: to talk, Kazuma!
darkness: It's awful enough that I'm being beaten by this brutish beast for everyone to see! Just what are you two trying to do to me?!
beldia: I'm not trying to do ANYTHING!
kazuma: Me, neither. Still, that bought me the time I needed 
kazuma: to store up my magic! Create Water!
beldia: Urgh... That was too close.
kazuma: He dodged it!
darkness: No... You hit me.
darkness: I don't especially mind getting wet, but please consider the time and place.
kazuma: Hey! Hold up! That's not what I was doing!
beldia: Enough. I'm ending this farce. 
beldia: Hyaaah!
ナレーション: All too consumed by his rage, Verdia dashed forward and slashed at Darkness...
