A Loving Hand for Our Party in Winter! - P1
ナレーション: Kazuma and Aqua visited the town's magic item shop for advice on proper party formation...
wiz: So, what can I do for you today?
ナレーション: Though she looks like a normal woman, Wiz is a lich: a powerful undead magic user...
ナレーション: Nonetheless, she's a kind woman who goes to the graveyard each night to guide lost souls to the afterlife...
ナレーション: To make a long story short, we took over that duty from her to let her live in peace...
kazuma: Our party balance is no good. We need better offensive skills if we're going to be successful.
kazuma: We've got plenty of skill points. Could you teach us something that might come in handy?
aqua: Wh-What are you thinking, Kazuma?! We can't have the follower of a goddess learning skills from a lich!
kazuma: Since when am I your follower?!
wiz: Um, who is this goddess you're talking about?
aqua: Me! I'm Aqua. Yes, the very goddess Aqua revered by the Order of Axis! So watch yourself, you lich!
wiz: Eeeeeek!
kazuma: Wiz, you don't have to be scared of her.
wiz: N-No, it's just... People say members of the Order of Axis aren't right in the head, so to keep away from them.
aqua: Wh-What did you just say?!\n
aqua: Why, yooouuu...!
wiz: I-I-I'm sorry!
kazuma: *Sigh* This is getting us nowhere.
wiz: By the way, I heard Verdia was defeated. He was always known amongst the generals for his swordsmanship...
kazuma: Hm? Why do you talk about him like you know him?
wiz: Oh. Because I'm one of the Devil King's generals, too.
aqua: Gotcha!
wiz: Eek! Hold on a moment, Lady Aqua! Please listen to me!
aqua: This is great, Kazuma! Our debt is chump change compared to the bounty on one of the Devil King's generals!
kazuma: Um... If you really are one of the Devil King's generals, we can't just let you go...
wiz: Y-You've got it all wrong! I was only asked to keep up the barrier around the Devil King's castle!
wiz: I haven't hurt a soul. Even if you bring me in, there's no bounty on my head!
aqua: I'm not sure I follow. I'd better get rid of you just to be safe though.
wiz: Nooo! Please, Lady Aquaaa!
kazuma: So you're saying if we defeat the Devil King's generals, it'll open the path to his castle?
wiz: *Pant pant* That's right. The Devil King asked me to help him.
wiz: He said I could keep my shop here in town and live a quiet life if I became one of his generals and kept up the barrier.
aqua: Which means as long as you're here, we can't attack his castle. It's best we just eliminate you now.
wiz: Eeeeeek! H-H-Hold on, pleeeaaase!
kazuma: Ease up, Aqua! Even if we got rid of the barrier now, we couldn't take on the Devil King at our current level!
aqua: Hmph! Fine, you're off the hook... For now.
wiz: Th-thank you so much!
wiz: Um, this isn't out of gratitude or anything, but didn't you say you wanted to learn one of my skills?
kazuma: Oh yeah, that's right!\n
kazuma: Progress at last...
wiz: Hm, how about Drain Touch? It allows you to pull physical and magical energy out of foes and into yourself.
kazuma: I see... If used properly, it might help overcome our party's lack of firepower.
wiz: Here, let me show you how it's done. I'll only take the tiniest bit of life, of course.
aqua: Heh, you've got guts. Go ahead and try it on me. Take as much as you want.
wiz: O-Okay, here goes...
wiz: Huh? I'm not getting anything.
aqua: What's the matter? I thought you were going to drain my physical and magical energy...
wiz: H-Huh? Oh, dear...
kazuma: Aqua, cut it out. Let her drain you so we can get moving.
kazuma: Okay, I've got it!
wiz: U-Um... Lady Aqua? When you touch my hand, it itches. So you can feel free to let go now...
wiz: L-Lady Aqua? Um, my hand is starting to burn...\n
wiz: I'm vanishing! I'm starting to vanish!
aqua: Hehehehehe...
kazuma: Stop taking advantage of the situation! Cut it out already!
wiz: Thank you, Kazuma... A moment more and I would've been condemned to eternal damnation.
kazuma: Is it just me, or is Wiz starting to look kind of...transparent?
Male Customer: Excuse me. Is Wiz here?
ナレーション: A man with a worried look on his face entered the shop and asked to speak to Wiz...
ナレーション: No one knew that his request would change the lives of Kazuma and his companions forever...
