A Price for This Magic Sword! - P2
ナレーション: After Aqua purified the lake's waters with her powers...
ナレーション: Kazuma and the others lifted Aqua's cage onto the back of the cart and drove toward home...
kazuma: Would you get out of the cage, Aqua? It's already heavy enough without you weighing it down.
aqua: Uh-uh. This place is my sanctuary. The outside world is a big ol' nope. I'm living here instead.
megumin: Poor thing's completely retreated into her shell.
darkness: Indeed... Perhaps she's grown fond of being placed in confinement.
？？？: Goddess? You ARE the goddess, aren't you?
？？？: Why are you in a cage? 
？？？: Hwah!
ナレーション: The handsome youth easily broke open Aqua's cage and pulled her out of it...
megumin: Is this guy for real? He just ripped open the cage with his bare hands...
darkness: Who the heck IS he?
？？？: Now, dear goddess, everything's going to be fine. You're safe now!
aqua: Goddess?
kazuma: Yeah, did you forget what you are?
aqua: Yeesh! 
aqua: That's right! I'm a goddess!
kazuma: Did she really forget that she's a goddess?
aqua: So, what business do you have with your goddess?\n
aqua: And who are you, anyway?
mitsurugi: It's me, Kyouya Mitsurugi! You granted me the cursed sword Gram and then sent me to this world!
aqua: Oh yeah, it's all kinda coming back to me now. Sorry, I forgot all about you. 
aqua: Well, I HAVE sent a lot of people here. I can't remember every one!
mitsurugi: I, uh... I see... 
mitsurugi: It has been some time, Lady Aqua. I'm working hard to repay your faith in me.
mitsurugi: By the way, what are you doing here, Lady Aqua? And, erm... Why did these people put you in a cage?
kazuma: It's kind of a long story, but...
mitsurugi: Good heavens... You're unbelievable! There's no way I can leave Lady Aqua in the care of such a boor!
mitsurugi: The rest of you should join me, too. I'm a sword master, and I've got the gold to kit you out in all the best gear.
aqua: Yeesh! This guy really makes my skin crawl! Vain, narcissistic, and my money's on him being a total ass, too!
darkness: Seriously, this kind of guy is the worst. I'd rather take hits than dish them out, but for him, I'll make an exception.
megumin: Am I clear to fire? C'mon... Just one spell!
kazuma: Well, it looks like my party has unanimously decided they won't be joining you. So, uh... See ya 'round, I guess.
mitsurugi: Wait! I cannot leave Lady Aqua in such dire company.
mitsurugi: You're blessed with an exceptional party, yet you make Lady Aqua sleep in the stables? Have you no shame?!
kazuma: Sure seems like this jerk got a shiny magic sword as his special gift and hasn't had to work a day in his afterlife.
kazuma: I worked my way up from rock bottom. I refuse to let a smarmy jerk like him talk down to me like this.
kazuma: What? Blessed with an exceptional party? Uh...where? I'd like to meet this party!
mitsurugi: How about a little competition? If I win, you have to hand over Lady Aqua. If I lose, then I'll do whatever you—
kazuma: Okay, you've got yourself a deal. 
kazuma: Let's do this!
mitsurugi: Huh? Hold on a—
kazuma: Steal!
ナレーション: Knocking Mitsurugi off balance with his sudden strike, Kazuma used his Steal skill to seize the cursed sword Gram...
mitsurugi: No... My sword!
kazuma: Hyah!
ナレーション: Kazuma turned the sword in his hand, using the flat of the blade to smack Mitsurugi on the head...
mitsurugi: Ungh...
kazuma: If we lend you an ear, you just keep yakking away. I'm taking this sword as compensation for the headache you caused.
aqua: Only that dork can make full use of Gram's magical properties. It's just an ordinary blade in your hands, Kazuma.
kazuma: Oh, really? In that case...
ナレーション: Back at the Adventurer's Guild...
aqua: Aaaugh! What the heck?!
darkness: What's the matter? You got the 300,000 Eris 
darkness: reward for the quest, didn't you?
megumin: Apparently, it cost 200,000 Eris to repair the damage to the cage, leaving her with only 100,000 Eris.
aqua: Grrrrrr... If I ever see that guy again, I'll smack him with my God Blow. Pow, right in the kisser!
kazuma: *Sigh* Is she not satisfied unless she's stirring up trouble for me?
？？？: A-ha! There you are, Kazuma Satou!
kazuma: Huh?
mitsurugi: That thief girl told me all about you. About the lecherous rogue known by some as the Panty-Stealing Devil.
mitsurugi: I ALSO heard that you enjoy covering girls in slime. Your perverse reputation precedes you!
kazuma: Hey, wait! Who told you that?! I want names!
mitsurugi: Lady Aqua, I swear that I shall defeat the Devil King. So I implore you, join my party and—
aqua: God Blow!!!
mitsurugi: Hrrraaagh!
aqua: Hey, you! You'd better pay up for that cage you broke! You owe me 300,000 Eris!
mitsurugi: Eh? 
mitsurugi: Oh, yes... I'm really sorry.
kazuma: I thought the cage repairs cost 200,000?
mitsurugi: Kazuma Satou, I know I have no right to ask, but...will you return my sword?
megumin: Don't waste your breath. This guy doesn't have your magic sword anymore.
mitsurugi: You don't? But... What did you do with it?
kazuma: I pawned it.
mitsurugi: YOU WHAT?!
darkness: You show no mercy, Kazuma? I knew I was right to choose this party!
