BgCamera: NoWait
Explosion Magic for This Powerful Enemy! - P1
kazuma: Here goes... Create Water!
汎用魔法_水（青系）_小: 

ナレーション: Right then, magical sigils appeared from Kazuma's outstretched hand, causing water to fill the cup till it overflowed.
kazuma: That's what I'm talkin' about! I don't care if it's beginner's magic—it's still magic!
megumin: Woohoo. 
megumin: You would've been better off saving your skill points for explosive magic, though.
aqua: So you've forsaken the use of a shield in favor of becoming a rune knight.
darkness: Why don't we go and test it out?
darkness: I-If possible, I would love to face monsters of a more...aggressive nature. 
darkness: Haaah... Ones that make you tingle when they smack you around!
kazuma: Huh? What is UP with today's quest board? There's almost nothing on it!
luna: You'll have to bear with it for now. You see, one of the Devil King's generals has taken up residence nearby.
luna: That may be why the weaker monsters have gone into hiding, creating a workflow shortage all around.
Megumin ＆ Darkness: That sucks!
kazuma: Guess we're screwed on decent quests until some skilled adventurer or the king's knights show up.
kazuma: So much for thrilling adventures in the new world.
#000000aa: NoWait
kazuma: Hey, Megumin. I'm bored as sin without any quests to do, but it's not like we can't practice on our own, right?
megumin: And just who's gonna carry me home? You? I'm toast after I cast my spell, remember?
kazuma: Hang on! I have to carry you home EVERY DAY from now on?
kazuma: Let's just do it somewhere nearby, then. We can find a field, we can do our thing, and then we can go home.
megumin: That's not gonna fly. The guards will yell at me again if I do it near the town like last time.
kazuma: "Again"? What, did someone put in a noise complaint?
megumin: Mmgh...
kazuma: *Sigh* Nice going...
megumin: Is that an abandoned castle up there?
kazuma: It creeps me out.
megumin: You couldn't ask for a more perfect target, though! Like anyone'll complain if I blow THAT garbage to smithereens!
megumin: Crimson black blaze, king of myriad worlds, spreader of nature's laws, and alias of destruction incarnate!
megumin: May the hammer of eternity descend unto me! 
megumin: EXPLOOOSION!
ナレーション: A fireball erupted from the ruins with a deafening roar. Though she gazed in admiration of her own handiwork at first, seconds later, Megumin fell flat on her face.
megumin: Ah... That was...awesome.
ナレーション: Megumin was pleased. Very pleased indeed at finding a new place to practice her explosion magic every day.
ナレーション: She practiced on icy evenings amidst the cold and bitter rain...
megumin: EXPLOOOSION!
ナレーション: She practiced on tranquil afternoons after a lovely picnic...
megumin: EXPLOOOSION!
ナレーション: She practiced after a brisk and refreshing morning walk...
megumin: Boom, baby ♪ Boom, baby ♪ EXPLOOOSION!
kazuma: Eh. Sixty points. The sound didn't have enough "oomph."
ナレーション: Rain or shine—it did not matter. Megumin still visited the castle to perform her magic uninhibited.
ナレーション: Her hard work was paying off, too; the more time passed, the more she gained a feel for the spell's quality before she even cast it.
megumin: EXPLOOOSION!
kazuma: Oh! That was a good one.
kazuma: I felt it right down to my bones. Even the air from the shockwave just wooshed through me.
kazuma: Nice explosion ♪
megumin: Nice explosion ♪ Glad you're starting to see the beauty behind explosion magic. Maaaybe enough to learn it yourself?
kazuma: Hmm... If I've got the points for it, maybe I will. Someday, anyway.
megumin: Spell yeah.
Kazuma ＆ Megumin: Ahahahahaha!
Announcement: Emergency! Emergency! All adventurers, ready yourselves immediately and assemble for combat at the main gate!
aqua: Hmm? Whatever for?
ナレーション: Just outside the gate stood an eerie, headless suit of armor, its helm nestled in the crook of its elbow...
tough_guy: Careful! That's no ordinary monster!
？？？: I, one of the Devil King's generals, have recently taken up residence in a nearby castle. I have business with this town.
kazuma: One of the Devil King's generals?!
darkness: That's a dullahan: a powerful undead fiend.
megumin: What business does he have here?
Dullahan: And it's THIS: every single DAY without fail, some insane fool casts explosion magic on my castle!
Dullahan: WHO IS IT?!
megumin: Eeep!
ナレーション: The Devil King's general was furious...
