A Final Flame for This Ridiculous Fortress! - P1
Announcement: Destroyer alert! Destroyer alert! The Mobile Fortress Destroyer is approaching town!
Announcement: All residents, prepare to evacuate immediately. Adventurers, ready your equipment and assemble at the guild!
ナレーション: Upon hearing the announcement, the town's adventurers gathered at the Adventurer's Guild...
kazuma: Hey, what is this Destroyer anyway?
darkness: It's some ancient war machine that's run amok. They say it leaves nothing in its wake of destruction.
luna: The Mobile Fortress Destroyer is moving directly this way from the northwest. It's due to arrive in one hour!
megumin: The Destroyer was made in an ancient magical kingdom, right? Did its creators make any countermeasures for it?
dust: Apparently, they were the first ones to be annihilated by the Destroyer.
kazuma: This is one of those unbeatable games... An enemy that powerful has no business attacking a town of newbies!
chris: Its shields stop our attacks...but somehow allow it to still attack freely. 
chris: So, any bright ideas?
kazuma: Hmm... Hey, Aqua, you can get rid of its shields, right?
aqua: I can give it a shot, but no guarantees.
luna: Give it all you've got! If we can get through its shields, then we just need to find a magic that can damage it!
darkness: The most powerful weapon we've got is explosion magic. What do you say, Megumin?
megumin: Um... I'm not sure that even my explosion magic would be able to take it down in one shot.
wiz: Sorry I'm late. I'm Wiz, owner of the magic item shop. I'm here to help!
Adventurer A: It's the shopkeeper! The poor shopkeeper!
Adventurer B: Now we can win this thing!
kazuma: Why's she so famous? And isn't it kinda rude of them\n
kazuma: to call her a poor shopkeeper right where she can hear?
dust: You haven't heard the story? She was once a skilled and powerful arch wizard.
kazuma: But underneath that facade, she's an undead lich.
luna: All right, everyone! Are you ready for the emergency quest?
Adventurers: Hooray!
questStart: Emergency Quest:


<color=#ff1493><size=70>Protect the town from




the Mobile Fortress


Destroyer!</size></color>




<size=50>No level restrictions.




Open to all players.</size>


<color=#ff1493><size=70>Protect the town from




the Mobile Fortress


Destroyer!</size></color>




<size=50>No level restrictions.




Open to all players.</size>
darkness: It is my sworn duty to protect the people of this land, whether or not they realize it, or even appreciate it.
kazuma: You sure do care a lot about this town. Any particular reason? Or is it just a Crusader thing?
darkness: Well... My full name is Lalatina Ford Dustiness. I'm a daughter of House Dustiness, the ruling family in this region.
kazuma: Wait, then she's a noblewoman?!\n
kazuma: And her real name is Lalatina?
darkness: It is my honor and my obligation to defend the people who dwell in our domain. I can't turn tail and run!
kazuma: Heh. You sure are stubborn. But I suppose in this case, 
kazuma: your stubbornness doesn't bother me.
darkness: Kazuma...
kazuma: Lalatina... 
kazuma: Pfft.
darkness: Do not address me by that name!
luna: The Mobile Fortress Destroyer is almost in sight! All adventurers, ready yourselves for battle!
kazuma: Look at the size of that thing! Can we even put a dent in it?
aqua: We just need to get through that shield. Leave it to me! Sacred Break Spell!
aqua: Rrrrrgh... Gaaah!
ナレーション: As Aqua roared, the light seemed to grow, and at its touch, the Destroyer's shield shattered like glass.
kazuma: Sweet! The Destroyer's shield is down! Now's our chance!
wiz: All right, Megumin. We need to fire at the same time.
megumin: Uh... Ah, I um... Err...
kazuma: C'mon, Megumin! Since when have you EVER held back on casting explosion magic?! It's what gives your life meaning!
kazuma: You'll look so lame if Wiz beats you! Are you such a newb that you can't take that thing down with your explosion magic?!
megumin: Now you've done it. You went and said the one thing even worse than making fun of my name!
megumin: You want a show? I'll give you a show. Witness true explosion magic!
Megumin ＆ Wiz: Darker than darkness, blacker than the moonless night, I beseech thee, entwine thyself with my deep crimson...
Megumin ＆ Wiz: The time of awakening has come. Justice, fallen upon an infallible boundary, appear now as an intangible distortion!
Megumin ＆ Wiz: Explosiooooon!!!
ナレーション: After the roar faded and the smoke cleared, the fallen Destroyer could be seen, its legs torn apart...
megumin: Grrr... That's a lich for you. She's way beyond my level... 
megumin: Ugh, that's so annoying!
kazuma: There, there. You did good, Megumin!
Adventurer D: Thank goodness... When this is over, I'm getting married.
kazuma: Hey! Don't jinx us by saying stuff like that!\nSomething terrible will—
Announcement: Incapacitating damage detected. Self-destruct systems activated. All crew, evacuate immediately.
kazuma: What did I tell yooouuu?!
questStartkinkyu: Emergency Quest:
Stop the Mobile


Fortress Destroyer




from self-destructing!
Stop the Mobile


Fortress Destroyer




from self-destructing!
Adventurer A: No! The whole town will be destroyed!
Adventurer B: We're done for! Run for your lives!
kazuma: Darkness, we should get out of—
darkness: I refuse to run until the bitter end! Though the commonfolk flee, a true knight must remain steadfast!
kazuma: Darkness...
darkness: Besides, thinking about putting myself in front of a bomb that can take out a whole town makes me...tingly.
darkness: I am indeed sturdy, but I'm also far from invincible.\n
darkness: Argh... I can't take it anymore! I must do something, Kazuma!
wiz: If we find the control panel, we just might be able to stop the self-destruct sequence.
kazuma: Like Darkness even bothers to worry about that...\n
kazuma: That's IT! We're breaching the Destroyer, you lame excuse for a goddess!
aqua: What?! But I just wanna go home...
