Deliver Me from This Judicial Injustice! - P1
ナレーション: At the guild, Axel's adventurers watched as Sena, the royal prosecutor, issued the warrant for Kazuma's arrest...
sena: Kazuma Satou, adventurer... You have been charged with the crime of subversion against the kingdom!
aqua: Kazuma!! What did you do this time?! Apologize! I'll apologize too!
kazuma: What do you mean "this time"? You know I'm innocent!
sena: The coronatite that you had teleported destroyed the manor of a local lord.
sena: Thankfully, there were no fatalities. Still, you are suspected of terrorism or potentially being a spy for the Devil King's army.
megumin: Wait! If it weren't for Kazuma's quick thinking in the battle against the Destroyer, it would've been much worse!
darkness: Besides, this guy's too much of a coward to try and overthrow a kingdom. He won't even sneak out at night!
dust: That's right! Kazuma is an adventurer, not a criminal!
Adventurer A: This is a classic case of state oppression!
Adventurer B: Adventurers should live free!
sena: Treason is a serious crime that can have many accomplices. If any of you wish to step forward, be my guest.
Dust & Crew: ...
kazuma: Hey! C'mon! Isn't anyone going to speak up?! Help me out here!
aqua: What was it Kazuma said again? Oh, right!\n
aqua: "I'll take full responsibility! Trust me, I'm lucky when it counts!"
kazuma: What?
megumin: If I were there, I could've stopped Kazuma. 
megumin: But I wasn't, so there was nothing I could do. Nope, nothing at all.
kazuma: Y-You guys...
darkness: Th-That's right! I am at fault. 
darkness: So, if you need someone to put in bondage... 
darkness: I-I mean blame...then choose me!
sena: ...You are quite the strange woman.
wiz: Um, the one who used teleport was—
aqua: Don't, Wiz! It's okay if only one of us gets in trouble! We'll just wait until Kazuma has served his sentence.
sena: Arrest him!
kazuma: Curse this life!!
sena: I am ready for your statement. This magical relic can detect lies. Do not dare try to deceive me.
sena: First tell me your place of birth, and what you were doing before you became an adventurer.
kazuma: Sure... I was born in Japan. I was a student there.
kazuma: Why'd it go off?!
sena: It rang because you're either lying about your birthplace or your past.
kazuma: I was born in Japan. I stayed home every day and led a rather worthless life.
sena: Hmph. Why'd you lie about being a student?
kazuma: I didn't mean to lie, but... 
kazuma: Dang it! I hate that thing.
sena: Next question. Why did you become an adventurer?
kazuma: Naturally, to save people from suffering because of the Devil King's army—
kazuma: Because adventurers are cool, and it seemed like an easy way to make money and get girls to like me.
sena: O-Okay... Next question. 
sena: Do you have something against the lord? There are numerous reports of you constantly whining about your debt to him.
kazuma: I get that it was our fault the town was damaged in the battle with the dullahan.
kazuma: ...I really just think it's not fair that we got stuck with the bill after saving the town. And yeah, maybe it did make me a little...homicidal.
sena: I-I see... 
sena: Moving on...
kazuma: Can we stop beating around the bush? I told you, everything we did was to save the town!
sena: The bell didn't ring? Then, that must be the truth.
kazuma: That's right! It was on the town's behalf! Do you finally get that I'm not out to take over the kingdom?!
sena: Hah... It seems I was wrong. Accept my apologies.
kazuma: Huh? She's being so polite. Is her tough exterior only reserved for criminals?
kazuma: Jeez, you believe every rumor you hear! You're a sorry excuse for an investigator!
sena: *Gulp* I'm sorry!
kazuma: I did more than anyone to defeat the dullahan! I'm responsible for our great victory against the Destroyer!
kazuma: And do I get a single word of thanks? No! I get grilled and mercilessly attacked!
sena: I'm sorry. This is my job and naturally...\n
sena: I'm well aware of your accomplishments, but—
kazuma: "But"? Are you kidding me?! 
kazuma: Even thought I've been cleared of the charges, I don't get offered any tea?!
sena: I'm sorry this took so long. Here's your tea.
kazuma: Why's it cold?! Don't you know how to make a proper pot of tea?!
sena: I-I'm very sorry!
kazuma: With an attitude like that, it'd be no surprise if you've never had a boyfriend.
kazuma: Let's find out! Have you ever had a—
sena: No. Because of my personality, I've never had a boyfriend...even at my age. 
sena: Satisfied?
kazuma: Crap! Guess I struck a nerve!
sena: It would be wise to remember where you are.
kazuma: Sorry.
sena: I'll ask once more to be sure. Do you have any connection to the Devil King?
kazuma: I already told you, no! I don't even know anyone in the Devil King's army!
ナレーション: As Kazuma spoke, the magical lie-detecting bell rang clear and true...
kazuma: Crap, that's right! Wiz! She's one of the Devil King's generals!
sena: So you ARE connected to them... At last, we've peeled back your mask of deceit.
Judge: We will now begin the trial against the defendant, Kazuma Satou.
kazuma: E-Eeeeeek... 
kazuma: Ah!
ナレーション: Kazuma's scream echoed throughout the court...
