A Betrothed for This Noble Daughter! - P2
ナレーション: Kazuma and Aqua arrived as servants to discuss Darkness's engagement to Lord Alderp's son, Walther...
baltar: Walther Barnes Alexei, at your service.
darkness: I am Lalatina Ford Dustiness. You may be the son of some powerful lord, but even you should have—
kazuma: ..."Freeze"!
darkness: Aaaaaah!
baltar: Wh-What's the matter?!
kazuma: Pardon me. The lady is so happy to meet you that she is overcome with joy, my lord.
aqua: Exactly! Pay it no mind and continue, please!
baltar: Very well... Lady Lalatina, what are your hobbies?
darkness: Hunting goblins, and— 
darkness: Ngh! 
darkness: Kazuma! Stop using Freeze on me!
baltar: Haha, you two seem to get along well.
kazuma: Shoot! Am I overdoing it?
darkness: Gah! I've had enough of this farce!
darkness: Hey! Walther, right? We're headed to the training grounds. I wanna see what you're made of!
ナレーション: Darkness and Walther, armed with wooden swords, sparred for many hours...
baltar: Surely this has gone on long enough! Why don't you give up?
darkness: What's the matter? Stop holding back and fight me! Show me every last ounce of your strength!
kazuma: Darkness has yet to land a single hit. Anyone could see that Walther is the better fighter, but...
baltar: I yield. I refuse to continue this duel any further.\n
baltar: Your strength never falters, even when you're hit.
kazuma: He was broken by Darkness's will. Knowing her, I can't help but feel sorry for him.
darkness: You coward! 
darkness: Fight me, Kazuma! Show Walther just how merciless and underhanded you are!
baltar: This will be fascinating. I'm curious to see how your skills have earned Lady Lalatina's trust.
kazuma: *Sigh* Well, this is already a lost cause. I might as well...
darkness: Excellent! I was hoping for a chance to spar with you, Kazuma! Now, show me everything you've—
kazuma: ..."Create Water"!
baltar: Huh?! You're using magic in a swordfight?!
darkness: Ah! Nnnghhh...
ナレーション: Darkness cringed as the icy water made her underwear show through her outer garments...
aqua: What a creep! You're the unrivaled king of perverts, Kazuma. I shudder to even watch.
kazuma: Hey! She said to come at her with everything I've got, so I did! "Freeze"!
darkness: Gyaaaaaahhh!
baltar: H-He's a beast! Soaking her with water in the middle of winter, and then using ice magic! Unthinkable!
aqua: Hah, they don't call him Kazutrash and Crapzuma for nothing.
darkness: Mwahahaha! Such ruthlessness! That's...
darkness: what I need!
aqua: Good idea, Darkness! Toss your sword and grapple with him! He's way too weak to fight back!
kazuma: Hrrrgggh... 
kazuma: Drain Touch!
darkness: Nnnghhh... 
darkness: Drain Touch, eh? I'll snap your arm in two before you can sap my strength!
kazuma: Drat! No matter how much I drain, there seems to be no end to this dolt's stamina!
kazuma: Hey, let's make this interesting. Whoever loses has to do whatever the winner says, no matter what!
darkness: You're on. If I win, I'll make you kneel before me!
kazuma: This is my chance!
kazuma: Really? You promise? If I win, I won't stop, even if you cry and say you're sorry!
kazuma: Mwahaha... I'll make you weep in shame! I'll watch as you beg for forgiveness!
darkness: Beg for forgiveness?! Just what perverted plan do you have in store for me?!
kazuma: Patience, my eager little princess. It's much more vile than you could possibly imagine!
darkness: I-I yield! This is no good... My strength to resist has been sapped by his Drain Touch skill...
kazuma: She's giving up on purpose.
darkness: No matter how you degrade me, my heart will remain...\n
darkness: ...steadfast! Ahh... Nngh... I'm going to lose!
baltar: Wh-What a battle! Now I see why they call him Kazutrash!
kazuma: I'll drain you until you pass out! I hope you're looking forward...
kazuma: to the fate that awaits you when you wake up!
darkness: Oh... Oh...
darkness: The incredible shame!
ナレーション: Darkness cried out as she collapsed to the floor on quaking knees...
kazuma: I won!
ナレーション: The unconscious Darkness was carried to a sofa, and Aqua changed her out of her wet clothes...
aqua: Darkness's mother died when she was young, and she was given total freedom by her father. Is that why she's like this?
kazuma: No, I think that's probably just her nature.
baltar: Lady Lalatina is a fine woman. Kazuma, if you were not in her life, I would want her for my bride.
baltar: I shall tell my father that I called the whole thing off. That seems like it will be best for all involved. Farewell.
kazuma: I guess the proposal was a failure. 
kazuma: He's a nice guy, though. Darkness should've taken him up on his offer.
darkness: Ungh...
aqua: Oh, hey, Darkness. You awake?
darkness: Hm? Where am I? 
darkness: Is it all over?! Did something dreadful...
darkness: happen to me while I was unconscious?!
kazuma: Of course not!
