God's Blessing on This Wonderful Work of Art! - P4
Giant Golem: Grrraaaaaahhh...
ナレーション: Megumin's explosion stopped the golem in its tracks, and the ground trembled as it fell...
darkness: Ahh... It's been a while since I've been hit that hard. Today's quest was a real pleasure!
megumin: Aqua, we're taking these golem parts home! It can be our house golem!
aqua: How are we going to carry them all?!
aqua: I'll make you a transforming Dendromaiden out of milk cartons when we get home, so just be patient.
megumin: Milk cartons?
kazuma: Fine... 
kazuma: Huh?
ナレーション: The eyes of the fallen golem flashed as an ominous beeping rang out, growing faster and faster...
kazuma: Um, that doesn't sound good...
aqua: I'm just amazed none of us got hurt by that thing. 
aqua: We're done here, so let's go home and eat—
kazuma: Argh! Do you ever stop with the foreshadowing?!
Giant Golem: Grrrawwwrrr!
ナレーション: The golem self-destructed, sending Kazuma and the rest of the party flying all over...
kazuma: And so, when I realized Darkness couldn't handle it, I drew the golem's attention while Megumin finished it off.
kazuma: Of course, Aqua did absolutely nothing. As usual.
lan: Aaaaaah! You and your party really are amazing, Kazuma!
kazuma: Darkness was actually quite pleased to be attacked. And Megumin wanted to keep the golem as a pet...
kazuma: But that's pretty much what happened, so I think I can stretch the truth a bit for my biggest fan.
？？？: Kazuma Satou! Is that you, Kazuma?!
mitsurugi: Have you been drinking here all afternoon? Where is Lady Aqua? Why is she not with you?
kazuma: Y-you...!
kazuma: Let's see, your name is Yamamoto... No, Tanaka... Or was it Take—
mitsurugi: You're not even close! It's Mitsurugi! Kyouya Mitsurugi. Do try to remember it this time!
lan: Huh?! M-M-Mitsurugi?! You mean the great hero of the famed mystical blade?!
kazuma: What's that about? She didn't act like that when she met me.
lan: You're THE Mitsurugi? You're even famous in the capital for taking down that ancient dragon... Is it really you?!
lan: M-m-my name is Ran! Would you mind if I shook your hand?
mitsurugi: Of course it would. Here you—
kazuma: NOW I REMEMBER!!
kazuma: You're THAT Mitsurugi. Aren't you the one I beat easily? Sorry, I almost forgot since it was over so quickly.
lan: Huh? Mitsurugi lost to you?
kazuma: Yeah, that's right. You beat an ancient dragon... Amazing. Yup, truly amazing stuff.
kazuma: Surely you've heard how I defeated three of the Devil King's generals...
mitsurugi: I see you haven't changed one bit...
kazuma: Hm? Is that your precious cursed sword, Gram? I guess you bought it back from the pawn shop.
kazuma: Well, that's good to see. I'm glad you have such a dauntless attitude, Mitsurugi.
？？？: Excuse me, Kazuma Satou?
kazuma: Yeah, I'm Kazuma.
luna: Since you defeated those three Devil King generals, 
luna: I have a request for you. However...
kazuma: If you're asking me to go on a quest, you can forget it.\n
kazuma: That golem quest was way too intense!
lan: Huh? Weren't you just saying how easy it was?
kazuma: Huh?!
aqua: So you took on another weird quest? You try to act all smart, but seriously, are you an idiot?!
aqua: As you can clearly see, I'm busy making a Dendromaiden for Megumin. Go and cancel that quest right now.
megumin: Exactly. I don't care about any quests until this is done. 
megumin: Now let her finish my transforming Dendromaiden!
kazuma: What exactly is a Dendromaiden? Regardless, I must say... That's quite an impressive model to build from milk cartons.
kazuma: If she really is this creative, I think she could live a much more comfortable life doing something else.
darkness: Well, shouldn't we hear what this quest is about first? 
darkness: If it's a powerful enemy, I'd be more than happy to accept!
aqua: Huh? Look, I really don't want to take any quests at the moment.
kazuma: It'll be fine. We just have to explore those ruins from before.
kazuma: Plus, as a reward for defeating the golem protecting them, we can keep whatever treasure we find there.
aqua: Okay, you talked me into it!
questStart: Guild Quest:,
Search the ruins.



<size=50>Difficulty: Unknown</size>,
Search the ruins.



<size=50>Difficulty: Unknown</size>
aqua: Hey, can't you just dip in, take a quick look, and then be done with this thing?
aqua: I mean, you're the one with the Lurk skill, Kazuma. You could do this by yourself...
kazuma: I guess I could, but then all the treasure would be mine.
aqua: Oh, yeah. Hooray for teamwork!
megumin: I'm not even sure what these magic items are... What exactly are they used for?
kazuma: That's no magic item... It's a board game.
darkness: I detect a faint scent from this... Is it a perfume bottle?
kazuma: That's a bathroom air freshener! 
kazuma: This must be the lair of that Japanese guy.
kazuma: Hm? Hey, my Enemy Detection skill is going off!
aqua: Let me guess, we're going to encounter a smaller version of that golem we defeated last time?
aqua: If so, we'll be fine as long as Darkness is here. While she's distracting it, Kazuma can finish it off!
Golems: *Howl*
aqua: Aaaaaah! 
aqua: Aaaaaaaaah!
ナレーション: A horde of small golems surrounded Aqua and clung tightly to her...
aqua: Why?! 
aqua: Why does it always have to be me?!\n
aqua: Do they like me that much?!
kazuma: Darkness, use your Decoy skill!
darkness: I already am! Something's wrong... 
darkness: Could it be...
megumin: Aqua! Ghosts must be possessing those golems! They're undead— Your sworn enemy!
aqua: God 
aqua: Blow!
Golems: Graaaaaah!
aqua: God Requiem! Hyaaah!
kazuma: Today sure is going well.
ナレーション: Kazuma and the gang headed further into the ruins...
