God's Blessing on This Wonderful Party! - P2
ナレーション: Having transformed into a giant poison slime, Hans rained poison down on the party...
aqua: No, the poison will get into the water! I have to purify it!
aqua: "Purification"! "Purification"!
kazuma: This is no time to worry about the hot springs!
aqua: Of course it's time! If I don't purify them, my followers will...
Male Axis Follower: There's something going on at the summit.
Female Axis Follower: Do you think the Aqua impostor is behind this? We have to stop her!
Axis Followers: Wh-what's going on here?!
ナレーション: As Kazuma and the others turned to the unfamiliar voices, they saw a group of Axis worshipers bearing torches...
aqua: Purification! Purification! Purification! Purification!
Elderly Axis Follower: So this slime was the one poisoning the hot springs.
Female Axis Follower: Look! The blue-haired priestess is trying to purify them! She was telling the truth!
Young Axis Follower: You can do it, priestess!
megumin: I can use my explosion magic to blow him to pieces—
aqua: You can't! It'll poison the entire mountain!
darkness: Crap... Can your ice magic do something, Wiz?
wiz: I couldn't possibly freeze something that big right now! If we could make it smaller, maybe...
megumin: Kazuma! Come up with one of your underhanded schemes and do something about this guy!
kazuma: Don't call them underhanded schemes...
kazuma: Hm? There's something in the slime's body. It looks like...tattered clothes and a skeleton...?
Elderly Axis Woman: Aaah! That's the caretaker! The slime really did eat him!
Male Axis Follower: And he polluted our hot springs, too! He has to pay!
kazuma: His skeleton hasn't been digested. That means...
kazuma: Aqua! You can resurrect him as long as he hasn't been fully digested, right?!
aqua: Y-yeah, I can do that!
kazuma: Wiz, you can freeze him if he's smaller, right?!
wiz: Y-yes! He'd have to be about half his current size!
kazuma: Megumin! Stay over there and wait for my signal!
megumin: Y-you're clearing me to fire? Okay, I'll be ready!
darkness: And you need ME to protect the others from the slime's poison.
kazuma: You know it. We're counting on you!
kazuma: An end-game boss in a hot springs town... 
kazuma: The game balance of this world is garbage!
kazuma: Yo, slime! Over here! You want something to eat?\n
kazuma: C'mon and have a taste of THIS!
Deadly Poison Slime: Rrraaawwwrrr!!
ナレーション: Kazuma flung himself from the cliff, and the slime jumped after him, reaching out with its tentacles...
kazuma: Your mistake wasn't coming to this town!\n
kazuma: It was crossing paths with us!
kazuma: Well, good luck with the fight, every— 
kazuma: Gaaauuugh!?
ナレーション: Kazuma's flesh was dissolved in an instant, leaving his clothes and bones floating within the slime's body...
megumin: Pitiful creature, become one with the red smoke, and atone in a surge of blood!
megumin: Strike forth... Explosion!!
Deadly Poison Slime: Grrraaaaaarrr!
darkness: Leave the little pieces to me! Wiz, quickly! Take care of the main body!
wiz: Understood... Cursed Crystal Prison!
wiz: Huff... I did it. I was able to stop Hans before my magic ran out.
？？？: No, not quite. I'm rather surprised you could give me so much trouble.
darkness: That voice... Hans?! He's still alive?!
hans: I'll devour you all and restore my true form! Mwahahaha—
Axis Followers: Defeat the demons! Down with the Devil King! Defeat the demons! Down with the Devil King!
hans: Huh? What's that?
aqua: Defeat the demons! Down with the Devil King!
aqua: God Blow!!
hans: Grraaah!
hans: I expected more from you. Did you think that'd be enough, you miserable little priestess?!
Male Axis Follower: The Axis Order is the way of truth!
Axis Followers: Followers of Axis can do it if they try! If it doesn't work out, it's not your fault!
Axis Girl A: It's the world's fault!
Axis Girl B: Run away from the things you don't like! Running away isn't losing! It's living to fight another day!
Axis Man, Woman: Any answer you get when you're lost will lead to regret.
Axis Man, Woman: If you'll regret it either way, then just choose the easier path!
Axis Followers: Defeat the demons! Down with the Devil King! Defeat the demons! Down with the Devil King!
hans: What is this light?
aqua: You will suffer endless torment for defiling my believers' hot springs. Beg for absolution in the afterlife!
aqua: God Requiem!!
hans: Graaagh! The annoying goddess these curs worship... Could she be...
aqua: Hraaaaaah!
hans: ...you?!
ナレーション: Aqua's fist unleashed a pillar of blue light, reducing Hans to dust...
ナレーション: Despite solving the mystery of the poisoned hot springs, Aqua and the others were not rewarded as heroes...
aqua: *Sob* ...I worked so hard to get rid of all the poison! Why are they still mad at me?
megumin: I can't believe I'm saying this, but I feel for you, Aqua.\n
kazuma: You resurrected me after the fight, so you know I wanna have your back, but after what you did...
ナレーション: In the end, Aqua's God Requiem turned all of Arcanretia's hot springs into plain, ordinary water...
ナレーション: In doing so, she accomplished the Devil King's goal of cutting off the Axis Order's source of funding.
ナレーション: We were driven out of Arcanretia, and caught a carriage back to Axel...
darkness: We didn't even get to enjoy the hot springs.
ナレーション: Spring follows the winter. I wake up. I sleep. I live moment to moment...
ナレーション: God's blessing on this nonsensical, incoherent, cruel... and wonderful world!
