An Invitation for This Knucklehead! - P2
ナレーション: Kazuma, Wiz, and the rest of the party climbed into the caravan carriage and set out for Arcanretia...
kazuma: Gyaaah! Why are monsters coming this way?!
ナレーション: This was supposed to be a relaxing vacation...
Driver: Those are running hawk kites. But it's unlike them to be rushing us like this.
Driver: It could be that one of the carriages is carrying something incredibly hard, like adamantite perhaps.
kazuma: Something hard like adamantite?
darkness: Kazuma, there's a pack of wild beasts heading this way! I can feel the heat of their gaze upon me!
kazuma: I knew it! 
kazuma: Please excuse my incredibly dense crusader!
Driver: Hang on, I'm stopping the carriage. We've hired adventurers to protect us, so they'll keep you safe!
kazuma: These monsters will charge at anything hard! Then they break off at the last second like in a game of chicken!
darkness: Ooh, sounds like quite the tease... I think I might like that.
kazuma: What are you talking about?! What they're after is you, Darkness, because your muscles are...
kazuma: the hardest thing here!
darkness: Kazuma, I'm still a maiden... My flesh is soft and supple. 
darkness: They're after my armor, which is made from adamantite.
kazuma: Fine, whatever lets you sleep at night.\n
kazuma: Megumin, Aqua! Ready your spells!
Aqua ＆ Megumin: Sure thing!       
wiz: I'll assist, too!
kazuma: Thanks, Wiz. We're the reason these monsters are here. It's our job to clean up this mess!
Driver: H-Hold on! You're paying passengers. You don't have to fight!
kazuma: I'm sorry, but this is all our doing.
darkness: Now, come! Trample me underfoot to your heart's desire!
Adventurer A: That crusader just jumped in front of the carriages... She's not one of the guards, but she's acting as a decoy!
kazuma: Actually... I think she has other reasons in mind.
Adventurer B: Look, that crusader isn't even flinching in the face of all those creatures! She's so brave!
kazuma: Again, I'm really sorry. She just wants the thrill of nearly being trampled to death...
Adventurer C: She's not even being paid for this! She's just a passenger! That's a true adventurer for you!
kazuma: Seriously, if you only knew the depths of her depravity! Don't encourage her, please!
kazuma: There's too many of them. We've gotta take them out at once. Driver! Is there a cliff nearby?
Driver: There's nothing like that. Only a cave that offers shelter from the rain!
kazuma: A cave? That'll do, driver. Lead us there!
kazuma: Darkness! Back to the carriage! We're headed for a cave!
darkness: No! This is my chance to do my duty as a crusader!
Driver: Hurry up, sir! They're almost on us! The carriage will be smashed to pieces!
darkness: Even if you tie me up and drag me behind the carriage, I won't move from this—
kazuma: Grrr... You asked for it! Bind!
darkness: Aaahn!
kazuma: Great... Driver, hit it!
darkness: Aah... I'm tied up, being dragged behind a speeding carriage as ravenous monsters chase after me!
darkness: K-Kazuma! Th-this is awakening something within me...!
aqua: I knew you were a fiend, but dragging her behind the carriage? This is too much, Kazuma!
kazuma: Hold on just a minute here! This was Darkness's idea, not mine!
darkness: Aaaaaahn! M-my noble body is being scuffed and bruised!
darkness: Uff... Uff... D-don't, Kazuma! Don't look at me! You mustn't see me in such a state!
kazuma: I've got to keep an eye on you in case something happens...
megumin: Kazuma, the cave is just ahead! I can fire off my spell whenever you're ready!
kazuma: Driver! Stop the carriage next to the cave!
Driver: Got it!
kazuma: All right. Now we just send Darkness towards the cave and... 
kazuma: Send 'em in!     
darkness: Aaah! 
darkness: Aaah!!
darkness: Very good... Very good, Kazuma! You tied me up, dragged me around, and now I'm monster bait!
Running Hawk Kite: Screeeeee!
ナレーション: The running hawk kites charged at Darkness, who leapt aside at the last moment. The monsters ran into the cave...
kazuma: They're all inside the cave now!\n
kazuma: Now, Megumin!
megumin: EXPLOSION!!
ナレーション: Megumin's explosion magic charred the entire flock of running hawk kites, along with the cave itself...
Caravan Leader: Here you go. We've got a lot of good meat!
Caravan Leader: The way your party worked together was amazing! Kazuma, that was some quick thinking, taking out the flock like that.
kazuma: I really can't apologize enough for this. That's not how it was supposed to go. The whole thing was our fault.
Caravan Leader: This is a token of our gratitude. Please accept it.
kazuma: No, no, no, no... Seriously, don't worry about it!\n
kazuma: It's only natural for an adventurer to join a fight.
Caravan Leader: Incredible! To think that there are still kind souls like you in this harsh and unforgiving world!
kazuma: I'd feel like a swindler for taking any money after what we did. Besides, we have plenty of money already!
kazuma: Even when I've got money, it causes nothing but trouble. Is happiness even possible for me in this world?
megumin: You don't want any of this delicious meat, Kazuma?\n
megumin: In that case, I'll gladly take it!
darkness: Excuse me, Kazuma. My armor was ruined in the previous battle. Can you use your Blacksmith skill to repair it?
aqua: All right, everyone! Please give me your complete attention! 
aqua: It's time for the goddess's specialty: Nature's Beauty!
kazuma: Nothing ever goes as planned in this awful world.
kazuma: I wish I could've gone to a better world!!
ナレーション: The party reached Arcanretia, the fabled city of water and hot springs, but Kazuma's troubles were far from over...
