A Goddess for This Corrupt Hot Spring Town! - P2
ナレーション: Arcanretia, city of water and hot springs—as Kazuma returned to the inn, he was greeted with Aqua's scream...
aqua: Why is this happening to me, of all people?!\n
aqua: All I did was get in the bath!
kazuma: Hah... What kind of trouble did you get yourself into this time?
aqua: I didn't get into any trouble! You're always assuming the worst!
wiz: When Lady Aqua bathed in the Order of Axis's secret hot spring, she turned it into ordinary water.
aqua: Yeah, and they kicked me out for that!
aqua: How could they chase me out of my own church? I'm a goddess! I'm THEIR goddess!
kazuma: That reminds me... She purified tea into ordinary water too.
aqua: I know! I'll solve their problems as only a goddess can. Then everyone will HAVE to respect me!
wiz: Problems? I'm not sure such a problem will arise so easily.
aqua: That's not true. The caretaker said the water in the hot springs has been off lately!
aqua: The Devil King's behind this, I just know it. I bet he sees my followers as a threat, so he's sabotaging their economy!
kazuma: The Devil King? Really? You're overthinking this.
aqua: I'm gonna defend this town!
kazuma: Is she even listening to me?!
aqua: Defeat the demons! Down with the Devil King!
ナレーション: As Kazuma, Megumin, Darkness, and Wiz looked on, Aqua shouted in the middle of the town square...
aqua: Hear me, my beloved Order of Axis! As I speak, the Devil King's forces are working to undermine your town!
aqua: The springs are being poisoned. I have evidence that many of them have already been sabotaged!
Female Axis Follower: I took a bath in that spring over there. It didn't do a thing for me!
aqua: That's because I've been cleansing each and every one of them.
kazuma: So THAT's what she's been doing all morning...
aqua: However... It's not over yet. 
aqua: I have a request. Until this mystery is solved, stay away from the hot springs!
Male Axis Follower: This is a hot spring town, priestess. If we closed the hot springs, our economy would dry up!
Male Axis Follower: Why would the Devil King's army have a problem with us?
aqua: They want to destroy this town's tourism industry to cut off the Order of Axis's funding!
aqua: The Devil King's army trembles in fear before the Order of Axis! Now, all who are faithful—
Axis Priest: There you are! This descpicable vandal turned our beloved hot spring into plain old water!
aqua: Huh?!
Axis Priest: Grab her, everyone!
Male Axis Follower: I knew there was something fishy about her!
Female Axis Follower: It's a scam! What evil scheme are you up to?! We're just trying to make the world a better place!
aqua: Y-You've got it all wrong! There's an explanation for all of this, I swear!
megumin: It doesn't look like anyone believes her.
wiz: Oh dear, it looks like Lady Aqua is going to cry!
Axis Priest: Grab her! Tie her up! Don't let her get away!
aqua: You leave me no choice but to reveal myself!\n
aqua: My devout Order of Axis followers!
aqua: Rejoice, for I am Aqua, the goddess of water, whom you revere!
Female Axis Follower: Lady...Aqua?
aqua: Indeed! I have come to save you all by—
Male Axis Follower: That's not true!
aqua: What?
Female Axis Follower: Just because you have blue eyes and hair doesn't mean you can call yourself Lady Aqua! That's blasphemy!
Male Axis Follower: Tie her up and toss her in the lake! If she really is the goddess of water, she'll be fine!
aqua: Wait just a minute...
Axis Priest: Tell us the truth! You're a servant of the Devil King, who's here to ruin our hot spring, aren't you?!
aqua: I'm telling the truth! I really am your goddess!
darkness: Facing the scorn of an angry mob... Aqua's one lucky girl.
kazuma: You're definitely the only one who thinks so.
aqua: Aaaaaah! What's gotten into my followers?!\n
aqua: Why are they throwing rocks at me?
wiz: Please remain calm, Lady Aqua. If you don't, your divine energy will cause me to disintegrate—
aqua: Whatever. I need a drink.
kazuma: Be honest. This doesn't really bother you, does it?
megumin: I understand why you're doing it, but to call yourself a goddess...
aqua: Bathing in the poisoned hot springs will make you sick! My poor followers will—
Axis Followers: Defeat the demons! Down with the Devil King!
kazuma: Huh?
Axis Followers: Defeat the demons! Down with the Devil King!
kazuma: Gwah! There's a mob of Axis followers outside.
darkness: They're surrounding the inn. What are they—
aqua: Maybe my flock is here because they believe me now!
Male Axis Follower: That's her room! She's peeking at us from her window!
Female Axis Follower: That witch calls herself a goddess! She must be punished!
Axis Priest: Burn the witch!!!
kazuma: A witch hunt?! Yikes! Everybody run!
