ナレーション: Shortly after returning to Axel from Arcanretia...
wiz: Mmm... This dish is rather tasty, isn't it?
megumin: Umm... Would it be okay if I had some bubbly today?
wiz: Well, I think you're still a little young for this...
kazuma: Oh, Wiz is here. That's why it's so cheerful.
darkness: Yes, I invited her.
darkness: We got a large reward for defeating one of the Devil King's generals, so we decided to have a party with just us girls.
kazuma: Oh, girl's night, huh? 
kazuma: Hm? So where's Aqua? She was the star of the show when we took down Hans.
megumin: Aqua's behind the couch.
aqua: Hngh... Zzz... Zzz...
kazuma: Seems awfully early to crash.
wiz: Megumin, Darkness... Thank you so much for inviting me.
megumin: Why wouldn't we? We wouldn't have won without you.
megumin: Still, I was thinking... One of us here didn't have anything to do with our victory.
ynyn: Wh-wh-what? Why are you looking at me?!
megumin: It's really quite the mystery. I don't remember inviting you, Yunyun.
ynyn: You're so mean! Darkness said that I could come if I wanted to!
darkness: I ran into her while I was out shopping. She was staring at me from the shadows.
wiz: Well, the more the merrier, as they say.
megumin: *Sigh* Yeah, I guess. Fine, Yunyun can stay.
ynyn: Th-thank you, Megumin! I brought my pajamas, just in case.
megumin: You plan on staying? So shameless.
darkness: Well, we don't have a quest lined up tomorrow. Let's change into our pajamas and kick back.
kazuma: A girls-only pajama party... 
kazuma: Hm...
Wiz: Sorry for having to borrow your pajamas, Darkness.
Darkness: Don't worry about it. I'm just glad they fit you.
Darkness: All right, one more time... Cheers!
Wiz: We've never really chatted like this before, Darkness.
Darkness: Yeah. I'm glad we got the chance.
Yunyun: So this is what a pajama party is like. I don't get a chance like this often. I've got to be bold!
ynyn_pajama: So, Megumin! How about we share a bed to—
megumin_pajama: Absolutely not!
ynyn_pajama: Come on! Let me finish, at least!
kazuma_jersey: I wondered why I was hearing voices at this hour. What is everyone up to?
wiz_pajama: Oh, I'm sorry. Did we wake you?
kazuma_jersey: It's no trouble, really. I'm a gentleman, after all. Still, if you let me join you, I'd be hap—
megumin_pajama: Not a chance. This is a girls-only pajama party. And Kazuma... You're leering.
kazuma_jersey: Huh?
darkness_pajama: A-are you trying to see us in our pajamas so you can fantasize about it later? 
darkness_pajama: That's your scheme, isn't it?!
megumin_pajama: We can see right through you.
kazuma_jersey: C'mon! I was the one who did the most in that fight!\n
kazuma_jersey: What's wrong with wanting a little reward?!
megumin_pajama: You're getting mad at us over this?!
kazuma_jersey: Plus, I'll be getting my own fan club soon. After all, I'm the brave hero who has 
kazuma_jersey: repelled countless deadly threats!
Everyone: Pft.
kazuma_jersey: Hey! 
kazuma_jersey: You're not supposed to laugh at that!
darkness_pajama: S-sorry. It's just that the thought of you having fans...
ynyn_pajama: Kazuma, did someone cast a delusion spell on you?! Or maybe you've had a bit too much bubbly?
megumin_pajama: Take it easy, Yunyun. You should know that Kazuma has always been like this.
wiz_pajama: E-everyone, listen! There might be some strange soul out there that actually respects him!
kazuma_jersey: Not you too, Wiz... I won't forget this betrayal! 
kazuma_jersey: Ah!
ナレーション: From that night, Kazuma began studying what cool guys do when they run into a fan...
