Peace for the Master of This Labyrinth! - P1
ナレーション: Kazuma's party was deep in debt and could no longer make due through questing alone.
kazuma: We're heading to a dungeon tomorrow.
megumin: No way. I can't use explosion magic indoors, so what's the point in going to a place like that?!
aqua: And a dungeon of all places... Can't we at least wait until Darkness gets back?
kazuma: Listen, our debt is big enough to be the budget for a small country! We're gonna starve to death if we don't do something!
aqua: Even after I got a raise at my milk carton folding job? And selling vegetables non-stop?
kazuma: I'm telling you, part-time jobs and working from home aren't enough to dig us out of this hole!
kazuma: Look at this, both of you. It's a new quest.
megumin: Keele's Dungeon is for beginners. They've already explored every last corner of it.
luna: Allow me to explain. 
luna: You see, a new passage was recently discovered.
luna: I was just about to post a large-scale research quest...
kazuma: But I put in a request, and she let us grab it first.
aqua: I get it! Unexplored territory gives us a better shot at finding treasure!
questStart: Exploration Quest:



Keele's Dungeon



<size=70>Scout the new route.</size>






<size=50>Difficulty: Unknown</size>



Keele's Dungeon



<size=70>Scout the new route.</size>






<size=50>Difficulty: Unknown</size>
megumin: They say that Keele's Dungeon was built long ago by the most powerful arch wizard in the kingdom.
aqua: What was he doing holed up all the way out here?
kazuma: Who knows? But people have been looking for him ever since he died.
kazuma: Megumin, you can't use your explosion magic in there, so wait here. Let's go, Aqua.
kazuma: I can use my thief skills, Enemy Detection and Lurk... That'll let us avoid monsters. 
kazuma: Plus, I have Farsight!
kazuma: Now, I can see in the dark. Being able to use skills from any class is one of the few perks of being an adventurer.
aqua: Wait. Can you really see okay?
kazuma: I can see just fine. How about you?
aqua: Hehe... Have you forgotten who I am? Arch priestess is just my cover. My real job is—
kazuma: The goddess of debt, right?
aqua: No! I'm still a real goddess! I may have weakened since coming here, but I still have some powers!
aqua: I might not be all-seeing, but my eyes can cut through this darkness no problem!
kazuma: She's walking as if she can see, but I'm worried about how she's gonna screw up deeper in.
aqua: Undead wander in dungeons. They can detect the life force of living creatures and seek them out.
aqua: In other words, your Lurk skill won't work. I'm stuck having to look after you!
aqua: Treasure ♪ Treasure ♪ Lalalalalala! ♪
kazuma: According to the map from the guild, we just press on this part of the wall sticking out... There, did that do it?
aqua: There's the new passage! Everything after this is unexplored territory! Think of all the loot we're gonna find!
kazuma: We'll be in trouble if we don't. Well, let's—
kazuma: Eeep! Was that a monster?
aqua: Oh, are you scared? My perfect vision can see you trembling on the floor in fear, you know.
kazuma: Yeah, and I saw you pathetically jump at every little sound since we got here.
aqua: I can run away just fine, so let me know if you sense a monster approaching.
aqua: And don't try anything funny in the dark.
kazuma: Let me tell you what's on my mind. I'm thinking as hard as I can of a way to ditch you at the bottom of this dungeon!
aqua: Oh, Kazuma. You're such a kidder... *Chuckle*
kazuma: Silly Aqua. We've spent enough time together for you to know I'm being serious when I say that. Ahahaha.
aqua: Grrr... You stupid shut-in NEET... 
aqua: Huh?
aqua: Hey, Kazuma! Look over there! It's a treasure chest! Real treasure! We did it!
ナレーション: As Aqua started to dash toward the treasure chest in the corridor, Kazuma quickly grabbed her arm...
kazuma: Wait! That treasure chest is simply too good to be true... It could be a trap. I'll use my Enemy Detection skill and—
kazuma: Just as I thought! It's going off... Okay!
ナレーション: Kazuma tossed a rock at the chest and a giant mouth appeared from the wall, swallowing the rock and the chest whole...
kazuma: Th-That was gross! What was that?!
aqua: That reminds me, I heard warnings about a monster called a dungeon mimic back at the guild...
aqua: Sometimes they appear as humans and eat monsters, too.
kazuma: I guess the law of the jungle applies to dungeons, too, huh? What a world...
kazuma: There's no reason to fight that thing. Let's try to go around it instead. Be careful!
ナレーション: Meanwhile...
darkness: S-Stop it! Leave me alone... Haven't you brought enough shame upon me?!
darkness: I will cut you down where you stand!
ナレーション: At the nobleman's manor, Darkness screamed in agony...
