An Invitation for This Knucklehead! - P1
ナレーション: The day after Megumin wrote "Holy Sword Excalibur" on a certain part of Kazuma's body...
megumin: What's wrong, Kazuma? Still mad about yesterday?
kazuma: Ahahaha... Me? Mad? Never! I've moved on. How about some tea?
aqua: Oh, Kazuma. You're so forgiving!
megumin: ...Why are you two acting all weird? 
megumin: It's freaking me out!
darkness: You see, yesterday...
ナレーション: The previous day...
kazuma: That dirty little brat!!
kazuma: When she gets home, I'm gonna tear her a new one! She'll be begging for mercy!
darkness: P-Please tell me more about this plan to torment Megumin!
aqua: Why can't you all be as composed as I am?\n
aqua: Anyone else hear that? Sounds like a knock at the door.
kazuma: She's back! Megumin, you little witch!
banil: Mwahahahaha... 
banil: You thought it was that crazy little Crimson Demon girl? Alas, it is I!
banil: On behalf of our dimwit shopkeeper friend, I have come to evaluate your wares. Now, show me the goods!
aqua: Wait a sec! How'd you get in here? My barrier's supposed to keep demons like you out!
banil: You call that a barrier? Talk about pathetic... I thought it must have been put up by a novice while they were practicing.
aqua: A novice?!
banil: You must forgive me. Your "barrier" fell as soon I touched it. Although, I AM insanely strong, so it's not much of a surprise.
aqua: Awww, but just look at your body. It's falling to pieces. Did my wittle barrier hurt the big, strong demon?
banil: Mwahahaha! This body's just a pile of dirt, actually.\n
banil: I can just make another one when I feel like it.
aqua: Really, Kazuma? You sure you want to deal with this parasite? He can barely eke out a living by preying on people's despair!
banil: We demons always honor our contracts. It's what we're known for. Unlike certain shady organizations who ask for "donations."
aqua: Ha! Now you're in for it! Without Darkness to hide behind, I can dispel you here and now.
kazuma: Whoa! Both of you, chill out!
ナレーション: Let's see... There was the kotatsu, a back massager, face roller, other contraptions...
banil: Hmm... Back to our negotiations. The agreement was to pay you one tenth of the profits from any sales.
banil: But if you were to sell the intellectual property rights to me directly, I could give you...300 million Eris.
Kazuma, Aqua ＆ Darkness: 300 million?!
kazuma: Th-That's enough that I'd never have to work again.
banil: Your monthly share of the profits would be 1 million Eris.
Kazuma, Aqua ＆ Darkness: 1 million per month?!
kazuma: Who knows if these products will sell, or for how long... Should I take the easy 300 mill? Or go with the royalties?!
banil: In any case, you should give it some thought. Farewell for now.
darkness: And that's the story. They've been like this ever since.
megumin: So that explains it...
kazuma: Hey! I'm allowed to be in a good mood. After all, I'm gonna be rich soon.
kazuma: Besides, I just got my head chopped off and died, you know. So let me take it easy on the quests for a while.
darkness: I guess some time off wouldn't be bad. I'm still recovering from our fight with Vanir, after all.
megumin: Then how about a little vacation? Maybe somewhere with a nice, curing bath? 
megumin: We can visit Arcanretia, the city of water and hot springs!
kazuma: We don't have to go that far. I'll be fine if I just take it easy for a bit. No need to worry about— 
kazuma: Did you say hot springs?   
kazuma: All these battles have been so exhausting... I could use a nice break at some hot springs.
kazuma: And going to the hot springs means getting naked... Ehehehe!
kazuma: Vanir, are you here?
banil: To what do I owe the pleasure? Have you considered my offer?
kazuma: Actually, we're headed to a hot spring. I'd like you to wait until we're back for my answer.
banil: I see... In that case, relax, stretch out, and enjoy yourselves in a refreshing mixed bath.
kazuma: I-I-I'm not interested in that! It's just...\n
kazuma: ...I hurt my neck, so I'm hoping this'll help heal it!
kazuma: More importantly...
wiz: Ahhhhh...
kazuma: Vanir, why does it look like I can see right through Wiz?
banil: It seems our silly shopkeeper has an extraordinary knack for purchasing useless goods.
banil: She bought a bunch of rubbish when I wasn't looking, so I gave her a taste of my Death Ray.
banil: So, kid. You said you were going to a hot spring?
aqua: C'mon, Kazuma! I told you to go on ahead and get us good seats!
megumin: And, um...why is Wiz with you?
kazuma: Uh, Vanir kinda asked me to look after her.
wiz: I'm sorry to burden you.
ナレーション: Kazuma's party was joined by the semi-transparent Wiz as they headed to Arcanretia, city of water and hot springs...
