A Friend for This Crimson Demon Girl! - P2
darkness: S-Stop it! Don't you dare take off my armor!
darkness: You vile fiends... I'll slay you!
ナレーション: Darkness found herself engaged in quite the struggle at the nobleman's manor...
ナレーション: Meanwhile, Kazuma, Aqua, and Megumin, along with Chomusuke, visited Wiz's shop to discuss repaying their debt...
kazuma: Hiya.
kazuma: Wiz, check this out. 
kazuma: Wanna buy it...from...us...?
ynyn: Huh?!
megumin: ...Yunyun?
chomu: Meooow.
wiz: Welcome! You see, this—
ynyn: M-My name's Yunyun!
ynyn: Talk about a coincidence! Running into my lifelong rival here of all places!
wiz: She heard you visit my shop all the time. Can you believe she's been waiting around for you all morning?
ynyn: Wh-Wh-What are you talking about?! I just came here to get, uh...
ynyn: Oh! One of these!
chomu: Meow meow... Meow meow...
wiz: Anyway, Yunyun's been sniffing you all out so she can settle her rivalry with Megumin.
ナレーション: As Wiz explained what Yunyun was doing, she picked up Chomusuke and stroked his soft fur.
kazuma: Uh huh... Instead of acting like some creepy stalker, you could just come knock on our door.
ynyn: Wh-What...? I could never just drop by unannounced...
megumin: You're always so timid. If you'd just grow a backbone you wouldn't be so alone.
aqua: Is that true?
megumin: Yunyun's always been a weirdo embarrassed by her own name. She was pretty much a loner.
megumin: Despite that, she'd still strut around like she owned the place and ever-so-cheerfully challenge me...constantly.
ynyn: That's not true! I had friends...
megumin: Hold on. You HAD friends?
ynyn: I HAVE friends! Who doesn't?!
ynyn: Like Funifura and Dodonko! They always say, "We're friends, right?" Then I'd treat them to lunch!
ynyn: And since I work a part-time job, I can afford it.
kazuma: I-I've heard enough! I don't think I can listen to this anymore!
megumin: Your life is just...so...SAD.
ynyn: You're one to talk. You scrounged up bread crust, ate crawfish, and gathered insects to–
megumin: Sh-Shut up!
megumin: Fine. I'll duel you. 
megumin: But since I can only use explosion magic, let's not base it around magic.
ynyn: You still haven't learned any other spells? I'm sure you have extra skill points...
megumin: I've got plenty. And I'm going to spend them all on boosting my explosion magic's damage, reducing its cast ti—
ynyn: You're such a fool! Why are you so obsessed with explosion magic?!
kazuma: Actually, she makes a good point...
aqua: What's with this fierce rivalry between you two? I thought you were classmates.
megumin: Ask Yunyun. She's the one who's always challenging me. I'm not a child anymore, so I couldn't care less.
ynyn: That reminds me, we used to see who was growing faster... 
ynyn: Since you say you're not a child anymore, we can always revisit that contest.
megumin: I'm talking about becoming more mature, not how we've developed physically.
ynyn: Huh?
megumin: You see, me and Kazuma here are so close that...\n
megumin: ...We even take baths together from time to time.
kazuma: W-wait a minute!
wiz: Oh my...
ynyn: Whaaaaaa?!
kazuma: What do you think you're doing?! People are gonna get the wrong idea, and it'll ruin my reputation even more!
megumin: Ow! Ow! Stop pulling my cheeks like that!
ynyn: I-I'll concede our competition to you today!\n
ynyn: Waaaaaah!
ナレーション: Her face beet red, Yunyun raced out the door of the shop...
wiz: Please come again!
aqua: She's so lively.
kazuma: You're one to talk.
megumin: I win again!
