Deliver Me from This Judicial Injustice! - P2
ナレーション: Spectators packed the courtroom as the lord's case was present against Kazuma, who was being defended by his party...
sena: When a lord's life is threatened, the very foundation of our kingdom trembles in fear.
sena: Thus, we charge defendant Kazuma Satou with the crime of subversion against the kingdom.
Judge: Hmm... Is the defense ready to present its case?
kazuma: Crap! This is bad! With the way things are going, it's definitely gonna be a guilty verdict!
Lord: Ahem... 
Lord: I think we've heard enough. Execute him. Immediately.
ナレーション: The man in the plaintiff's seat stroked his beard as he stared intently at Kazuma...
aqua: Hey, who's that bigwig over there?
darkness: That's Lord Alderp, the noble whose manor was destroyed.
aldarp: There's no need to deliberate! 
aldarp: Terrorists must be executed!
megumin: Objection! If you want to charge Kazuma with terrorism, you need to supply some actual evidence!
sena: You want evidence? Very well...
sena: First! You may have defeated the dullahan, but you caused considerable flood damage to the town.
sena: Second! You have altered the nearby landscape with explosion magic and caused multiple disturbances during the night.
sena: And third! There are accounts that the accused has used Drain Touch, a skill only utilized by the undead!
kazuma: I'm invoking my right to remain silent... I refuse to say another word.
sena: You can refuse to listen, but you cannot ignore the truth! We've been using a magical device that detects lies!
sena: When you said you hadn't dealt with any of the Devil King's army, we knew it was a lie. 
sena: That's all the evidence we need!
kazuma: Oh, lord... What should I do?!
aldarp: So it's quite obvious, isn't it? He's connected to the Devil King's army!
kazuma: Oh... Well done, old man. This is my chance!
kazuma: No! I've got nothing to do with the Devil King's army! I'm not a terrorist, either!
sena: It's too late. The device already caught you lying.
kazuma: Look at that thing one more time! I'll say it again!
kazuma: I don't work for the Devil King's army, and I'm not a terrorist!
ナレーション: Kazuma shouted loudly as the court fell silent...
sena: The bell...didn't ring. Then that means that Kazuma Satou... 
sena: Is speaking the truth?
Judge: It seems the prosecution's case holds no merit.
sena: Your Honor... 
sena: *Sigh* I suppose you're right.
Judge: Then I shall pass my judgment. Since the evidence against defendant Kazuma Satou is insufficient, he is hereby—
aldarp: That is unacceptable, Your Honor. If I order an execution... 
aldarp: Then an execution will take place.
Judge: L-Lord Alderp...
kazuma: What the heck? That's cheating!
aldarp: Hmph! So says the petty adventurer. 
aldarp: My word is law!
Judge: Th-The defendant is guilty. The sentence is death by—
kazuma: YOU CAN'T DO THIS!!!
darkness: Just a moment, Your Honor. Will you please hear me out?
ナレーション: Darkness stepped out in front of Kazuma and held up a pendant for everyone could see...
Judge: Is that the Dustiness family crest?!
tough_guy: The Dustiness clan is the right hand of the royal family. I always knew there was something about this girl.
kazuma: Darkness, are you really okay with this?
darkness: If I held my tongue, you'd have been executed, Kazuma.
darkness: Would you entrust me with this case? Give me some time, and I assure you I can prove this man's innocence.
aldarp: Urk... 
aldarp: Not even the Dustiness family name is enough to overturn my judgment!
darkness: I now owe you a debt. Name one thing that I can do for you, and I shall grant it.
aldarp: Oho? Hehehe. You'll really grant whatever I ask of you? 
aldarp: And all for a man you don't even know is innocent.
darkness: Of course I will. After all, I honestly believe that...\n
darkness: ...Kazuma has done nothing wrong.
Audience Member A: Lady Darkness... Yes. It's just as she says!
Audience Member B: Kazuma's not a bad guy! He helps out all the time!
Audience Members: Ka-zu-ma! Ka-zu-ma! Ka-zu-ma! Ka-zu-ma!
Judge: Order! Order!
Judge: At the request of the daughter of the esteemed Dustiness family, I hereby grant a stay of trial.
darkness: Leave Alderp to me... I shall return shortly.
ナレーション: Kazuma and the others watched in silence as Darkness left for Lord Alderp's residence...
kazuma: There are two things I've got to do. First, prove that I don't work for the Devil King.
kazuma: Second, pay that lord back for the damage to his manor. 
kazuma: It sucks, but I owe Darkness, so I'll do what I have to.
kazuma: Okay. Part two of my great adventure starts now!
megumin: Hm? Sounds like something's coming this way!
Guard: Kazuma Satou?
aqua: Who are you? State your business!
Guard: The court has ordered the seizure of the defendant's assets to pay down his debts.
aqua: Noooooo! 
aqua: Waaaaaahhh!
megumin: They marked our furniture for seizure and took everything they might be able to sell.
kazuma: P-Part two of my...stupid adventure...starts now...
N-Now begins...the second chapter of my...grand...adventure.
