Goodbye to This Irritating Living World! - P1
ナレーション: Kazuma and Darkness were standing outside of Wiz's shop, when...
kazuma: We defeated Vanir, one of the Devil King's generals, but there's something we have to do before we can celebrate.
kazuma: Wiz is also one of the Devil King's generals, and now we have to break the news to her...
darkness: I shall tell her about Vanir. Although brief, we did share the same body and go on a rampage together.
darkness: This is not something a crusader of Eris should say, but... I did not hate him.
kazuma: Wiz, are you here?
banil: Welcome! I heard what you said outside the shop just now. It's good to see you again, my girl!
banil: "I did not hate him." I understand your feelings for me, but I'm afraid I simply cannot reciprocate them!
darkness: A-ah...!
banil: Ah, I can sense your immense shame... 
banil: How delectable! Did you think you'd beaten me? Mwahahaha!
kazuma: Darkness is about to die of embarrassment. 
kazuma: Wait a minute! How are you still alive after that explosion magic blast?!
banil: Even I couldn't endure something like that unscathed. Take a closer look at my mask.
banil: I lost a life, so Vanir II stands before you now!\n
banil: Mwahahahaha!
kazuma: I don't believe it!
wiz: Vanir wants to quit working for the Devil King. He's no longer keeping up the castle barrier. He's harmless.
kazuma: Harmless, heh... 
kazuma: If you say so, Wiz.
banil: More importantly, stranger from afar, you just might be a blessing for our business here. 
banil: I've got a deal for you!
chomu: Meooow.
kazuma: The deal Vanir mentioned is to produce products from my world and sell them to the masses here.
kazuma: I develop the products, while Vanir secures the production and sales routes. Our first project is this kotatsu...
megumin: I get that the heating tech was great back in your homeland, but can we get back to questing already?
darkness: That's right, Kazuma. Can we at least—
kazuma: ..."Freeze"!
darkness: Eeeeeeeeek!
megumin: Kazuma, stop fooling around and—
kazuma: Drain Touch!
megumin: Uwaaagh! Stop taking my magic without permission! You're asking for a beating!
kazuma: Don't underestimate me! I am Kazuma, slayer of multiple Devil King generals!
aqua: Ugh... He's desperate to stay in that kotatsu.
darkness: Your little tricks won't work on—
kazuma: ..."Freeze" and "Drain Touch"!
Megumin ＆ Darkness: Aaaaaaaaah!
kazuma: Mwahahaha... Nobody can defeat me now!
aqua: He's like a new kind of monster that lives in a kotatsu. Let's just throw the whole thing out.
megumin: That sounds like a fine plan. 
megumin: We can get rid of him too while we're at it.
darkness: Excellent. Aqua, would you open the window?
aqua: Sure thing!
kazuma: Hey! Cut it out! How can you be so heartless?! Hey, stop it, would—
Megumin ＆ Darkness: Ready!
kazuma: Wait! Hold it! I'll get out, so stop already!!!
kazuma: Ah, it's still pretty cold out.
darkness: Kazuma, why are we on this street?
megumin: This isn't the way to the guild.
kazuma: Heh... Did you think I was just trying to stay warm inside the kotatsu?
aqua: Oh, so you weren't?
kazuma: Hiya! How's my katana coming along, chief?
kajiya: I just finished with it. I tried my best to follow your instructions.
kazuma: Ooh! This is fantastic!
kajiya: I didn't know much about tempering process, but it was a pretty fun project nonetheless.
tough_guy: Ah... I see you've got yourself a new partner.
kazuma: Right, a new partner...
aqua: Kazuma, when did you order that sword?
kazuma: The smith in town taught me the Blacksmith skill a while back, so...
darkness: Oh... For that business venture you were talking about.
kazuma: I decided to upgrade my equipment while I was here and put in an order for a new sword.
kajiya: Here, input a name on the card, and that's that. Pick a good one!
tough_guy: I may be witnessing the birth of a new hero right now.
kazuma: Hm... A name for a katana... Kiku-ichimonji? Kogarasu Maru?
megumin: Chunchunmaru!
kazuma: Sorry, Megumin. What was that?
megumin: I said, "Chunchunmaru." The name of this sword is Chunchunmaru.
kazuma: You can't give it a goofy name like that! My beloved sword has to have an awesome name like—
megumin: Hmph!
ナレーション: As Megumin placed the inscribed card on the katana, the name "Chunchunmaru" burned itself into the hilt.
kazuma: Gyaaaaaagh! What'd you do that for?!
aqua: Something that can't be undone, that's for sure.
megumin: Henceforth, this blade shall be known as... 
megumin: Chunchunmaru!
kazuma: Noooo! M-My sword... My beautiful sword!
