God's Blessing on This Wonderful Work of Art! - P5
darkness: We still haven't found any actual treasure.
kazuma: The doors are all locked, too...
aqua: Kazuma, what's this? It looks like a diary.
megumin: What is this writing? I'm a Crimson Demon and even I don't get it...
aqua: It's Japanese.
kazuma: I wonder what this person was thinking when they wrote this? 
kazuma: I feel guilty reading someone's diary, but then again...
aqua: "Day 1 in this world: I have been sent here by a goddess. She asked that I save this world from the Devil King."
aqua: "The road ahead will be difficult, but I will not waver."
kazuma: It is embarrassing to read this... I came here with the same goal as this person, but what have I been doing?
aqua: "Day 7: I tested the power the goddess gave me. It is the power to create anything I desire."
aqua: "I suppose I could use this power to conquer the world... However, my wish is to save the world from the Devil King."
kazuma: So this person gained untold power, but he still wanted nothing more than to save the world...
aqua: "Day 113: I want to create a way to oppose the Devil King, but it is hard. There seems to be a limit to my abilities."
aqua: "It requires me to focus so hard when creating things. The results depend on how much thought I put into it."
aqua: "I guess my desire to defeat the Devil King will have to be quite strong. My agony continues..."
aqua: "What do I really want? It's true that I desire to defeat the Devil King, but I'm filled with constant doubt."
aqua: "And then, after facing so much trouble..."
Resurrected Male: "I have decided to give up on defeating the Devil King."
kazuma: Huh?
Resurrected Male: "I mean, what can I do? I'm just a former NEET. I'm going to live how I please. I'll only make what I want."
Resurrected Male: "First, I'll start with every man's dream: a beautiful robot woman. I love giant robots, too. Haha, I'll have to make both!"
kazuma: Hey!
Resurrected Male: "Day 289: I've made both! Unfortunately, they always seem to malfunction and behave wildly..."
Resurrected Male: "I made the giant robot, so I might as well have it protect this place. Now to focus on my beautiful female golem!"
Resurrected Male: "Now... Do I want her to be a sadist or masochist? I've come this far, there's no need to compromise!"
kazuma: Okay, I get it. This guy is a total loser!
Resurrected Male: "Day 783: No, that's still not right! Her features are all wrong! I need to start this design over."
Resurrected Male: "So yeah, I've learned I'm a masochist. I'm such a bad boy!"
Resurrected Male: "Day 1230: I get it now. With this power, I don't need to worry about making a beautiful female golem!"
Resurrected Male: "With my knowledge, I can be a general for a military power. Then I can just employ a beautiful maid! I'm so excited!"
kazuma: Hold on, could this guy be...
Resurrected Male: "Oh man, this is really great! I must thank that goddess for sending me here!"
kazuma: It's the guy who developed the Destroyer!
aqua: "P.S. - Whoever reads this, please take good care of my golems. They probably won't listen to you, though."
kazuma: According to that diary, there's a beautiful female golem lying dormant here. Hehehe...
darkness: Kazuma is definitely up to no good.
aqua: I can see it now... Something bad will happen, Darkness will be in pain, I'll be crying, and Megumin will use her magic!
aqua: Then something important will be destroyed, drowning us all in debt.
kazuma: Silence! You're going to make everything come true.
megumin: That's rude, Aqua. I would never use explosion magic here. 
megumin: I'd be sure to go outside first.
kazuma: I'm sorry, what was that?
darkness: Kazuma, look! There's a figure in that glass case. Judging by the silhouette, it appears to be a woman.
kazuma: Ooh, that has to be the female golem my predecessor made! Inside that case lies every man's secret desire!
aqua: Look, there's a button... *Click*
megumin: Ah...
ナレーション: Aqua pushed the button and the glass case opened. An adorable golem stepped out, wreathed in white smoke...
Female Golem: ...Which one of you is my master?
kazuma: I am.
megumin: He said that without a moment's hesitation.
darkness: Hey, Kazuma! If you want to be someone's master, talk to me. 
darkness: Now get back here!
kazuma: Quiet! It's always been my dream to be the master of a beautiful female robot!
Female Golem: You are...my master?
kazuma: That's correct. I look forward to you serving me.
Female Golem: Understood, Master... Now it is time for your punishment!
kazuma: Huh?
Female Golem: SIT! LAY DOWN! GO TO YOUR KENNEL!
kazuma: AAAAAAGGGHHH!!
Destroyer Developer: "So yeah, I've learned I'm a masochist. I'm such a bad boy!"
Female Golem: Come on, squeal! Crawl on the ground and let me hear you squeal!
kazuma: Eeeeeek! There's a lot more wrong with this robot than just her features!
