God's Blessing on This Wonderful Party! - P1
Male Axis Follower: She's calling herself Aqua! Catch her!
Female Axis Follower: This heretic claims to be a goddess... Defeat the demons! Down with the Devil King!
kazuma: You really want to help these people, even when they're saying these things about you?
aqua: Yes, they're my precious believers! They're only like this because their hot springs have been polluted!
darkness: The hot springs are polluted... Perhaps someone has poisoned them at their source.
wiz: If we can purify the source, the people might calm down.
Male Axis Follower: It's the Aqua impostor! This way, everyone!
megumin: We've been spotted. Let's find the hot springs' source!
Female Axis Follower: They're running. Gather the others! After them! After them!
ナレーション: Kazuma and the others fled from the Axis Order and arrived at the source of the town's hot springs...
megumin: There it is!
darkness: Wait, there's someone there.
Man: Urgh...
kazuma: I think I recognize that guy.
Man: Everyone I meet keeps hounding me to join them or to fill out an application...
Man: Curses!!
aqua: He seems a little on edge.
kazuma: The Axis Order must've pushed him to the brink.
wiz: Hm? I feel like I've seen him somewhere before.
wiz: Oh, now I remember! Hans! You're Hans, right?
hans: Uh... Who are you guys? My name isn't Hans. I'm the caretaker of the hot springs here.
wiz: Don't be silly. We were in the Devil King's army together. Have you forgotten me already?
darkness: The Devil King's army?!
hans: I-I don't know what you're talking about.
wiz: Hans, YOU'RE a poison slime, aren't you?\n
wiz: Were you the one who poisoned the hot springs?
aqua: What? He's the one who's behind all this?
hans: That's absurd! I'm just a simple caretaker.\nHow could I—
wiz: You're far too modest. Spewing poison is your specialty. Back at the Devil King's castle, you used to—
hans: Aaah! I just remembered I have urgent business back in town...!
darkness: Not so fast! Where are you off to, Hans?!
aqua: You're not going anywhere, Hans!
megumin: You tried to fool us, but we see through your lies, Hans!
kazuma: Drop the games and show us your true self, 
kazuma: Hans!
hans: Wretched fools! My name isn't worthy of your lips!
hans: Grr... I spent so long on this scheme, but Wiz had to go and ruin it.
hans: Your only duty was to maintain the barrier. You agreed not to interfere with any of our business.
hans: So why are you messing with my plan?
wiz: Huh? Did I cause some sort of problem?\n
wiz: All I did was say hello!
hans: That's what messed up my plans!
aqua: I'm the one being treated like a witch because you polluted the hot springs! You're gonna pay!
kazuma: Wiz, you know this guy, right? It's not fair of us to make you fight him, so just stand back.
wiz: K-Kazuma... I really don't want to fight, but I think—
kazuma: Don't sweat it! Slimes are the weakest kind of monster. This'll only take a second.
kazuma: He may have poison attacks, but Aqua can cure them.\n
kazuma: There's no way we can lose!
hans: You've got guts. Fine, I'll take you on. My name is Hans. 
hans: I am a deadly poison slime and a general of the Devil King.
kazuma: Did he just say...general of the Devil King?
wiz: Kazuma, Hans has one of the highest bounties of all the Devil King's generals. He's very powerful, so be careful!
kazuma: Slimes are weak. Right? They're supposed to be weak!
darkness: Who told you such a thing? Slimes are powerful creatures. 
darkness: To start with, they are immune to most physical attacks.
darkness: If one gets on you, it's all over. It will dissolve you with its digestive fluids or simply suffocate you.
megumin: Plus, he was able to contaminate all of the hot springs! His poison is probably potent enough to kill you instantly!
kazuma: K-kill me instantly?!
aqua: Don't worry, Kazuma. I'm here for you if you die!\n
aqua: Just don't get digested, or I can't resurrect you.
kazuma: Aaah... I thought I was picking a fight with a weakling...\n
kazuma: Wh-wh-what do I do now?!
hans: Mwahahahaha! Face me, brave adventurer!\n
hans: Give me a good show!
questStartkinkyu: Emergency Quest:
<size=80>The Devil King general



Hans is on the loose.</size>




<size=110>Defeat him!</size>
<size=80>The Devil King general



Hans is on the loose.</size>




<size=110>Defeat him!</size>
aqua: Listen, you! Poisoning people isn't gonna get you anywhere in life! It's too depressing!
aqua: I bet you joined the Devil King's army because you\n
aqua: you weren't popular. Get over it already!
hans: Silence! The caretaker here was just like you guys. You Axis Order freaks have no manners!
kazuma: What happened to the real caretaker, anyway?
hans: I ate him.
kazuma: Uh... Pardon me?
hans: I ate him. I'm a slime. It's what we do.
wiz: Cursed Crystal Prison!
ナレーション: Wiz's spell instantly froze Hans's left arm...
hans: Gwaaagh! M-my arm!
wiz: One of the conditions of my noninterference was that you and the other generals spare the lives of anyone not involved in the war.
hans: Ugh... Stop! Release your spell!
wiz: As sad as it is, it's inevitable for adventurers to die in battle.
wiz: After all, they kill monsters to make their living. As such, they should be prepared to die themselves.
wiz: However, the caretaker was completely innocent!
aqua: Wow, Wiz is kinda scary.
hans: So the dreaded Ice Witch wishes to fight me. I won't hold back!
hans: I will devour everything in my path... Grraaarrrh!
ナレーション: With a terrible roar, Hans transformed into a gargantuan toxic slime...
megumin: G-give me a break... Th-that thing's way too big!
kazuma: Not only that, he's dripping poison everywhere... Watch yourselves, everyone!
