A Goddess for This Corrupt Hot Spring Town! - P1
ナレーション: Kazuma and Darkness arrived at the Axis Order headquarters in order to make a complaint...
kazuma: I demand an audience!
darkness: I believe a wizard and an arch priest came here recently...
Child: Ah! That lady is wearing the holy symbol of Eris! Get away from us!
darkness: Ungh! Ahhhhhh...
kazuma: Stop that! You can't just throw rocks at people!
Child: Haha! Run away!
kazuma: Haaah... You okay, Darkness?
darkness: K-Kazuma... The people of this town, even the women and children, are quite skilled...
kazuma: It's that Eris Order amulet of yours that's making you a target. Keep it out of sight!
darkness: Absolutely not!
megumin: Kazuma... Darkness... A-are you here to rescue me?\n
megumin: Ah... Aaah... The Axis Order is terrifying!
kazuma: It looks like the Axis Order really traumatized her.\n
kazuma: But where'd Aqua run off to?
aqua: Welcome, my lost sheep; tell me of your myriad sins. The goddess listens and forgives.
kazuma: She's really getting into this.
kazuma: I'm not one of your sheep! It's me! What's with this town? Do something about your followers!
aqua: I see. Your deceitful tongue has scammed countless people. You must reflect deeply upon this to cleanse your sins.
aqua: If you do so, the merciful goddess Aqua will surely forgive your transgressions.
kazuma: What are you jabbering about?! Are you drunk on power now that you get to act like a real arch priest?
aqua: Ugh...
kazuma: Your followers are putting us through hell! You need to get a handle on them!
aqua: You know I can't do that!
aqua: The number of our believers and the strength of their faith is critical to gods. It's what gives us our power.
aqua: I don't have many worshipers, but they make up for it with the intensity of their faith in me.
aqua: Just as it is my duty to protect these dear people!
kazuma: If she spoils them like this, these Axis Order guys are just going to get worse...
megumin: Ahh... C'mon, let's go back to the inn already.
kazuma: Megumin wants to go back to the inn. What will you do?
aqua: I'm going to listen to my followers' confessions. That's one of my duties as a goddess!
kazuma: We're back!
wiz: Oh, welcome back.
kazuma: You're looking better. Are you okay now?
wiz: Yes. I took a nice bath and am feeling quite fine.
darkness: I'm pleased to hear it.
wiz: The bath was so large it was like I had it to myself.
kazuma: Huh? Mixed bath? 
kazuma: As in...a mixed-gender bath?!
wiz: So, how did your sightseeing go?
megumin: Th-
megumin: The Axis Order...is scary...
darkness: I might go out again tomorrow. Carrying this symbol of Eris makes this town...most exciting.
kazuma: Darkness... 
kazuma: Fine. Do whatever you like. I'm gonna go take a bath.
kazuma: I said, I'm gonna go take a bath!
megumin: We heard you the first time.
wiz: Take your time!
kazuma: I-I'm gonna—
darkness: Hurry up and go already.
Woman: My, what a wonderful hot spring this is. I think I'll take a quick dip.
Man: Taking a bath during the day? Lucky you.
Woman: I'm here for the hot springs' curing effects. You look pretty worn out yourself, you know.
Man: This place is vile.
Woman: It does have its downsides, yes. Oh, by the way—
kazuma: ...
Woman: Every time I try to enter the bath, that man stares at me.
Woman: Excuse me, sir. When you stare at me like that, it makes me feel embarrassed.
kazuma: No need to worry.
Woman: I s-suppose you're right. It is a mixed bath, after all. Ahaha... Maybe I'll come back later.
kazuma: Heh. You're awfully shy, aren't you?
Woman: I think I'll check out the town. Do you think you can show me around?
Man: No... I told you this place is vile.\n
Man: Everyone I meet keeps hounding me to join them or to fill out an application...
Man: Curses!!
Woman: Eep...!
kazuma_towel: Looks like this town's put him through the wringer, too...
Man: This town... This cursed town!
kazuma_towel: Well, I get how he feels. No one's even using the bath. Might as well go back to the inn.
ナレーション: As Kazuma looked up at the sky from the open-air bath, he felt even more tired than when he had entered...
