A Betrothed for This Noble Daughter! - P1
ナレーション: As Kazuma was eating breakfast with Aqua and Megumin, a panicked knock came from the front door...
？？？: K-Kazuma! Help me! This is terrible!
kazuma: Uh, and you are?
？？？: Ahh... Agh! Kazuma! Save your petty insults for later! I'm being serious!
kazuma: She likes this... 
kazuma: Wait, is that you, Darkness?
megumin: Sorry, I didn't recognize you at first. Why are you all dressed up like that?
aqua: Don't ask her that! I'm sure the lord forced her to... *Whine*
kazuma: I won't ask you to talk about it. Go take a bath and clean yourself up. I'm sorry for causing you such distress. *Sniff*
darkness: Don't get the wrong idea! He didn't do anything! His handmaids forced me to dress like this!
darkness: I feel much more comfortable wearing this.
megumin: I thought you actually looked good in that dress.\n
megumin: But you said something terrible happened...
darkness: Yes, very terrible. Look at this!
aqua: Who's the person in this portrait?
darkness: It's the son of Lord Alderp, the nobleman whose manor we blew up the other day.
kazuma: Wow, so this handsome guy is that jerk's kid...
darkness: That cursed Alderp is demanding that I marry his son as payment for letting Kazuma off the hook.
darkness: Despite his heritage, my father is rather fond of Alderp's son. He wants us to meet today to discuss the marriage.
darkness: I beg you! Please, accompany me to convince my father to call off the engagement!
kazuma: I see... So if we do nothing, we'll lose our crusader, a valuable member of our party. 
kazuma: Hm? Valuable?
kazuma: Actually, maybe we're better off without a crusader who can't hit anything! And it's not like we're kicking her out!
kazuma: That's it! Darkness, go to the meeting!
darkness: Wh-What do you mean?!
megumin: Do you really want Darkness to give up being an adventurer?!
kazuma: Hang on and listen. If you turn it down outright, you know Lord Alderp will just cause more problems.
kazuma: So, agree to the meeting and find a way to back out later in a way that doesn't tarnish your family name.
darkness: Great idea! This way, I can nip things in the bud and won't have to give my father a good beating either!
kazuma: So that's what she was planning? Her poor dad...
sena: Kazuma Satou! Is Kazuma Satou here?!
aqua: Agh, what is it this time?!
sena: Monsters have been swarming near the city. We need you and your party to deal with them immediately.
megumin: We refuse! One of our comrades is in grave danger! We can't ignore that right now!
kazuma: Whoa, calm down—
kazuma: Wait a sec... I'm sure Aqua'll be fine, but I'm worried about Megumin. It might be better if she wasn't with us.
kazuma: Megumin, do this for us.
megumin: Huh? But I want to help Darkness, too...
kazuma: Swarms of monsters sounds like the perfect chance to use Explosion... 
kazuma: You're the only one who can pull this off!
megumin: That's right! I'm the only one...
kazuma: I promise Aqua and I will take good care of Darkness.\n
kazuma: I'm counting on you, mighty arch wizard!
megumin: I shall demonstrate the full extent of my power!
kazuma: Now that that little nuisance is out of the way...\n
kazuma: I swear I'll make this marriage happen no matter what!
aqua: The lord's son should be here any minute now.
kazuma: Aqua and I will pose as your servants and help you out.
darkness: I do not need your assistance. 
darkness: I shall destroy this farce by my own power. This engagement is doomed! Mwahaha!
kazuma: What about not tarnishing your family name, hm?
darkness: If I can make myself so unappealing that no one would want to marry me, then I'll be free to continue being an adventurer!
kazuma: That's just it, we don't want you to continue. Besides, your dad said he'd reward me if I helped push this through.
darkness: I know I might get disowned, but I will fight...
darkness: for my right to keep taking on deadly quests until one day...
darkness: ...my strength wanes and I'm forced to submit...
darkness: to the Devil King's army. *Pant pant* That's the life I want to lead!
kazuma: You don't even try to hide it, do you?
darkness: First of all, he's not even remotely close to my type. He's supposed to be the perfect gentleman.
darkness: He never gets mad, is a hard worker, and his skill with a blade made him the youngest man ever to be made a knight.
aqua: What's your problem with him then, Darkness? He sounds like the perfect husband.
darkness: He's nothing of the sort! My ideal man acts like a true nobleman and belittles those beneath him!
darkness: Plus, if he doesn't stare at me with a lecherous gaze like Kazuma does, he simply won't do at all!
kazuma: H-H-H-Hey! I don't stare at you like that!
darkness: My ideal man is the exact opposite of him! And his looks aren't even important. He could be gangly or fat.
darkness: He should love me wholeheartedly, but also be weak-willed and quick to ogle other women.
darkness: I want a man who's constantly thinking lewd thoughts, a total fool who just wants life to be easy.
darkness: He must be deep in debt and blame society for all his problems. He'll throw his empty wine bottle and shout...
darkness: "Hey, Darkness! Make us some money with that body of yours!"
darkness: Ehe... Hee! 
darkness: That's the perfect man!
kazuma: Jeez! 
kazuma: This woman is completely hopeless!
