ナレーション: A few days earlier, the party's mansion was blessed with a strangely elegant atmosphere...
aqua: I made you a pot of some of the finest tea in the land, Kazuma.\n
kazuma: Ah...
kazuma: ...This is hot water. Did you accidentally purify the tea?
aqua: Oh, how careless of me! I'm incredibly sorry.
megumin: Ungh...
kazuma: It's fine. Be a dear and make a fresh pot. Thank you, Aqua... I'll finish this cup.
kazuma: Ah... Hot water...
megumin: What's the matter with you two?!
darkness: *Sigh* He's been like this ever since Vanir said he'd pay all that money.
aqua: I made you a pot of some of the finest tea in the land, Kazuma.
kazuma: Heavens me. This is hot water again. You must have purified this pot, as well.
aqua: Oh, my. How silly of me!
kazuma: Every liquid you touch turns to purified water.\n
kazuma: You poor, clumsy priestess.
Kazuma ＆ Aqua: Ahahaha.
megumin: Well, it's nice to have money for once.\n
megumin: So, shall we head out on a quest?
kazuma: Huh? No way. What are you talking about? 
kazuma: We're gonna be rich! We don't need to go on any stinkin' quest!
kazuma: I've decided to become a businessman. Dangerous quests are beneath me. I can finally settle down into a life of quiet, safe comfort.
megumin: *Sigh* Darkness, please say something to him.
darkness: *Pant pant* Kazuma becomes more vile with each passing day! I can't wait to see just how wretched he becomes...
megumin: Ugh, Darkness...! *Sigh* This is hopeless.
kazuma: Hey! I'm allowed to be in a good mood. After all, I'm gonna be rich soon.
kazuma: Besides, I just got my head chopped off and died, you know. I deserve a break!
megumin: Hm... I know! Let's go on vacation while Kazuma's wounds heal.
kazuma: Don't worry about me, I'll be fine if I just take it easy...
megumin: How about we go to Arcanretia, the city of water and hot springs? I'm sure you can heal up there!
kazuma: There's no need to worry about my wounds— 
kazuma: Wait. Did you say "hot springs"?
aqua: Are you talking about Arcanretia? The city of water and hot springs?
kazuma: All these battles have been so exhausting... I could use a nice break at some hot springs.
kazuma: And going to the hot springs means getting naked... Ehehehe!
ナレーション: So Kazuma's party went to Arcanretia accompanied by Wiz, who had been wounded by Vanir's Death Ray...
ナレーション: Passing through the stone gate, they saw a beautiful river. Steam floated up between the blue tile roofs...
aqua: We're here! Arcanretia, the city of water and hot springs!
kazuma: Wow... There are even elves and dwarves here!\n
kazuma: Finally, some REAL epic fantasy!
darkness: This place looks nothing like Axel.\n
darkness: And the air is so clean!
Merchant: Steamed buns... Get your steamed buns here!
megumin: Those must be Arcanretia's famous steamed buns. They're supposed to be pretty tasty.
kazuma: You sure know a lot about this place, Megumin.
megumin: Pretty much every adventurer knows about Arcanretia! The water's supposed to cure whatever ails ya!
darkness: I can't wait to get into a bath.
wiz: I, too, would like to replenish my strength. I can feel myself disappearing.
kazuma: You are looking more transparent than usual...\n
kazuma: So do we go to the baths or the inn first?
aqua: What do you want to see first? I know anything and everything about this town!
aqua: This is the headquarters of the Order of Axis, after all!
kazuma: Wait... This is the hometown of the fanatical Order of Axis?! 
kazuma: So THAT's why Aqua wanted to come...
Axis Follower A: Hello! Welcome to Arcanretia!
Axis Follower B: Are you here for the sights? Adventure? To join the Order? A baptism, perhaps?
megumin: Um, we, uh...
Axis Follower C: If you're looking for work, the Order of Axis is always looking for more adventurers to spread the good word!
Axis Follower D: And if you choose to declare your faith to the Order of Axis, we'll even throw in a bonus—
kazuma: No, we just want to—
Axis Followers: Well, what are you waiting for? Join the Order of Axis now!
wiz: Ah... It's getting hard to even stand...
kazuma: Hang in there, Wiz! 
kazuma: We need to find an inn, quick.
darkness: Good thinking. I'll carry her on my back.
kazuma: Sorry, we have an Axis priestess with us, so we're good! T-Talk to you later!
Axis Followers: Farewell, friends. May you have a pleasant day!
aqua: Everyone here's so nice. What a lovely group of people!
kazuma: ..."Lovely" isn't the first word that came to mind...
ナレーション: Filled with concern, the party made its way to the nearest inn...
