God's Blessing on This Wonderful Work of Art! - P6
ナレーション: After somehow defeating the super sadistic female robot, Kazuma and the others told Ran about their adventures...
kazuma: ...So that's what happened.
kazuma: After that, my great efforts managed to help those golems finally rest in peace.
lan: W-wow... You really are amazing, Kazuma!
aqua: Kazuma sure likes to stretch the truth when he's talking with newbies.
aqua: The truth is, when that thing came out of the glass case, Darkness was in agony and I was crying...
aqua: In the end, Megumin wasn't even listening to him when she blew everything away...
aqua: Also, since we blew up some important ruins, the quest was a failure AND we had to pay for damages.
megumin: Shh... It's not every day that Kazuma gets to have a fan. Let's just let him be.
megumin: She'll see what he really is soon enough.
darkness: You're right. He'll come crying back to us at some point. Let's try to be nice to him when he does.
kazuma: It really would have been a total mess without me... 
kazuma: I wish you could've seen me in action, Ran.
lan: Oh, I would've loved to have been there.
kazuma: It was all too easy for a veteran adventurer like me. For example, when I fought against the Devil King's generals—
lan: Ah, um... It's getting pretty late out. I should be leaving. See you later!
kazuma: Whoa, hey...
kazuma: Huh, she left in a hurry... Did I do something?
kazuma: No, no, that can't be it. I was just talking to a fan about my brave exploits... That's all.
kazuma: That was delicious, thanks.
Waitress: Thank you for your business!
kazuma: Hm? Who's that over there?
lan: Hey, that's not what we agreed on!
luna: B-but it's going exactly how I told you—
kazuma: It's Ran and the guild receptionist. Is something up? They seem to be arguing.
kazuma: *Sigh* The things I do for my number-one fan... This looks like a job for a veteran adventurer.
lan: Ugh! This was supposed to be an easy job, getting a lazy NEET to actually make an effort... But it's just not worth it!
lan: He finds me every day and tells me the same story over and over again. People keep saying I have poor taste in men...
lan: This isn't what I signed up for! I need more money!
luna: I see what you're saying, but you knew what the job was when you took it...
luna: I know that party causes a lot of problems, but they do get results... We just need them to be more serious...
lan: I know, but still!
kazuma: ...
Luna & Ran: ...Oh.
kazuma: Ooo
kazuma: ooooooh...
aqua: Pft! *Snicker* Kazuma is shaking in his boots!
megumin: We shouldn't make fun of him! Not only did he just find out that she doesn't even like him, he's also a complete laughing stock... 
megumin: Hehe!
darkness: Hehehe... 
darkness: W-well, maybe we should all be nice to him. 
darkness: Haha!
kazuma: Ungh, 
kazuma: ungh, ungh!
luna: Uh, um... Kazuma Satou? This is...um...well, some sort of misunderstanding...
lan: I, uh, was just doing a job, that's all. It's not like I hold anything against you. I really do admire you!
luna: D-don't misunderstand, please! This was a request from the guild's upper management!
luna: Uh, um, you see... Uh, Kazuma, you're...
lan: Th-the first time I met you, I felt... Well, you know...
Luna & Ran: Kazuma, there's just something incredible about you!
kazuma: Waaaaaah! Steal!
Luna & Ran: Eeeeeeeeeeeek!
