Crimson Legend - P2
ナレーション: Kazuma and crew continued toward the Crimson Demon Village. Meanwhile, on the streets of Axel...
banil: Hm... 
banil: Hmmmmmm...
wiz: Vanir, what are you moaning about?
banil: My contract with that pathetic adventurer... I bought the rights to the items he developed for 300 million Eris...
banil: But I haven't found a person to actually manufacture them. Until that's resolved, the contract cannot be finalized.
wiz: That is a problem. Also, Kazuma and his friends left for the Crimson Demon Village. 
wiz: Huh? Now that I think about it...
ナレーション: The party finally arrived at the village, prepared for a rescue mission, but found a strange scene was unfolding...
Goblin Army: Aaaaaah!
Goblin A: Curses, we can't even get close to them! Retreat, Lady Sylvia! You must flee to safety!
Goblin B: This is why I didn't wanna attack the Crimson Demon Village! I wanted to stay home!
ナレーション: Members of the Crimson Demon Clan gleefully continued to slay the goblins with their piercing lightning bolts...
darkness: Tornadoes, lightning, glaciers... There are all kinds of magic flying about here. Absolutely amazing.
aqua: We only came here because we thought the village was in trouble. Looks fine to me.
Chieftain: Hahaha! Are you talking about the letter? I suppose I got a little carried away. Sometimes it just...comes out!
ynyn: B-but Father, you said... "By the time this letter arrives, I will surely have passed on."
Chieftain: That's a common greeting for us.
kazuma: Yunyun, do you mind if I give your 
kazuma: father a good slap?
ynyn: Be my guest.
megumin: Since we're here, let's stay at my place tonight. We can go sightseeing tomorrow. 
megumin: Here we are!
komekko: ...
kazuma: Ah, is this your sister, Megumin?
darkness: Hehe, what a cute kid.
megumin: Hi, Komekko. Good to see you.
komekko: Hmm... Father! Sis came home with 
komekko: some guy— 
komekko: !
kazuma: Hey, kid! You've got it all wrong!
Hyoizaburo: Um... Ahem! So, what exactly is your relationship to my daughter?
kazuma: I've already told you! We're just friends!
Hyoizaburo: Hraaaaaaaaah!
Yuiyui: Hyoizaburo! Stop it! Don't break the table! We're already broke as it is!
Hyoizaburo: My apologies... I lost my composure. I wasn't informed that the two of you were just friends.
Yuiyui: You seem like a nice young man. Of course, you'll repay your debts before the two of you get together, right?
kazuma: Huh? What are you talking about?! I told you, we're just friends!
Yuiyui: But her letters have spoken of all kinds of intimate encounters between you two. Carrying her, bathing together, something about slime—
kazuma: I am so very sorry!
Hyoizaburo: Despite everything, she says you are an important friend.
kazuma: Huh?
Hyoizaburo: You are drowning in debt, a pervert, and a crude man with no common sense...but you'd probably die without her.
kazuma: I have some issues with that assessment, but I'm at least happy she considers me a good friend.
Yuiyui: Since you are part of our daughter's party, we do wish we could help you, but unfortunately...
kazuma: Ah, it's fine. I've got a lot of money coming in soon.
Hyoizaburo: Oh, really... About how much?
kazuma: Around three hundred million Eris, I think.
Hyoizaburo ＆ Yuiyui: Three hundred million?!
kazuma: That was the number in my deal with Vanir. Maybe I shouldn't have mentioned that?
Hyoizaburo: Kazuma, I want you to stay at our house tonight! We won't take no for an answer!
Yuiyui: Yes, do stay. I'm sure as an adventurer, you don't even have a house to call your own...
kazuma: Well, no. I do have a mansion back in Axel...
Hyoizaburo ＆ Yuiyui: A mansion?!
kazuma_jersey: They started treating me better once I mentioned the money.
ナレーション: Kazuma found himself smothered in hospitality. After a bath, he returned to find Yuiyui and Darkness arguing.
darkness: What nonsense! Are you even thinking about your daughter?!
Yuiyui: It's fine. She's old enough to marry. Kazuma is also a...reasonable adult. So if anything were to happen...
darkness: What are you saying—
Yuiyui: Sleep...
darkness: *Yawn*
kazuma_jersey: What's going on here?! Everyone is sleeping. Wait, so her mother is...
Yuiyui: Ah, Kazuma! Everyone is asleep, so can you help me carry Megumin to her room?
megumin_pajama: Zzz... Mnn...
Yuiyui: Well, go ahead and relax...
Yuiyui: Lock!
kazuma_jersey: Did she just lock her daughter in a room 
kazuma_jersey: with me?! It's because I talked about the money. What's with her...
kazuma_jersey: Wait... Everyone who could bother me is asleep, and no one can enter or leave this room. 
kazuma_jersey: This is quite an opportunity!
ナレーション: Kazuma pondered how to get through the night, while Megumin tossed and turned in bed...
