Crimson Legend - P8
ナレーション: The magic Wiz gathered from the Crimson Demon Clan streamed down from the sky into Megumin and Yunyun...
megumin: ...
megumin: This is ridiculous! It's too risky...\n
megumin: If only I had learned advanced magic, there'd be another way...
ynyn: Megumin! Kazuma believes in your explosion magic... Otherwise, he wouldn't have come up with this plan.
ynyn: Don't you believe in your own magic?
megumin: Hmph! Let's put an end 
megumin: to this, Yunyun!
ynyn: I am Yunyun, the top spellcaster of the Crimson Demon Clan!
megumin: I am Megumin, the strongest member of the Crimson Demon Clan!
megumin: Yunyun, thanks to you, I was able to follow the path of explosion magic. That's why I am who I am today!
ynyn: I only made it this far because of our rivalry, Megumin!
ynyn: Aaaaaah! Light of Saber!
megumin: Let the wind howl and the explosions roar!
megumin: Explosion magic is desire! Such power makes anything possible!
megumin: EXPLOSION!!
ナレーション: The blade of light launched by the explosion streaked towards Sylvia. But at the last second, a barrier appeared and deflected the blow.
silvia_third: Your magic cannot take away my life...! I am heading forward...into the future!
Euphoric Kazuma: Now! I must become her weakness!
Euphoric Kazuma: Sylvia, let's go together...
silvia_third: Kazuma, I love you!
Euphoric Kazuma: I...love you...
Megumin ＆ Yunyun: Whaaaaaat?!
ナレーション: In the moment that Kazuma distracted Sylvia, Megumin and Yunyun pierced her with a blade of pure light.
Kazuma ＆ Silvia: Arrrrrrgh!
silvia_third: Kazuma Satou... Y-you tricked me?!\n
silvia_third: But... I still love yooouuu!
Euphoric Kazuma: It's finally...my time to shine... 
Euphoric Kazuma: Ah!
kazuma: That marked the end of my popular phase.
kazuma: We left the Crimson Demon Village as reconstruction began, and returned to our life in Axel.
kazuma: What's wrong, Megumin? Here I thought we were going for our usual explosion magic trip...
kazuma: And now you say you want to learn advanced magic? What's going on here?
megumin: I'm sorry to just drop this on you...\n
megumin: But I want to be a wizard that won't slow us down.
megumin: If I could use advanced magic, you wouldn't have been captured by Sylvia, or forced to sacrifice yourself.
megumin: So, I'm moving on. I'll put my explosion magic on hold, for now.
megumin: I shall become the foremost spellcaster of the Crimson Demon Clan!\n
megumin: A wielder of useful advanced magic!
megumin: With advanced magic, since I have more potential than Yunyun, I'll become the greatest of the Crimson Demon Clan!
kazuma: *Sigh* You're such a fool...
ナレーション: Kazuma took Megumin's adventurer card and moved to make her requested upgrade, causing it to give off a soft glow...
kazuma: Here you go.
megumin: Thanks... 
megumin: Okay, let's go home.
kazuma: Hey, Megumin. Why don't you fire one off?
megumin: Huh? What are you talking about?
kazuma: You haven't had your daily dose of explosion magic yet, right?
megumin: True... All right, this will be my last use of explosion magic.\n
megumin: I'll give it everything I've got!
megumin: Farewell...\n
megumin: Explosion!!
ナレーション: Megumin's explosion magic shook the very foundations of the world, sending smoke towering into the sky...
megumin: Wh-what in the...?
kazuma: I powered up your explosion magic. Could you tell?
megumin: ...Kazuma!
megumin: It is I, Megumin! Master arch wizard and wielder of mighty explosion magic!
megumin: As the greatest spellcaster in Axel, I shall one day take explosion magic to its ultimate limits!
megumin: Kazuma! How was my explosion magic today?
kazuma: 120 points!
