Crimson Legend - P7
megumin: Now, I shall unleash the power that I possess...\n
megumin: EXPLOSION!!
ナレーション: Megumin's explosion leapt forth, but not at Sylvia... It was absorbed by the rifle Kazuma was holding.
silvia_secound: Huh?
megumin: Huh?!
komekko: Hey, why is that laundry pole beeping?
kazuma: It didn't fire because it lacked sufficient magic power!\n
kazuma: Now that it's fully charged...
kazuma: Remember me, Sylvia! Tell the other generals hello for me in the afterlife! My name is Kaz—
komekko: Bang!
ナレーション: Komekko pulled the trigger, sending a massive energy burst from the gun and through Sylvia's chest...
silvia_secound: Ah... Uh... Um... Huh? Is...this...the end?
komekko: I'm Komekko! 
komekko: The devilish little sister of the Crimson Demons, and stronger than any general in the Devil King's army!
Kazuma, Aqua ＆ Darkness: Umm...
aqua: What a tragic battle. I promise to never hurt a living soul ever again...
kazuma: Hey, stop it. You saying things like that always causes something bad to happen.
？？？: Oooh... Aaaaaaugh!
megumin: Wh-what was that?!
silvia_third: You thought this was over? My life is just beginning. My power will continue to grow!
ナレーション: Sylvia transformed yet again, with half of her huge body taking the form of a slime covered in dullahan armor...
silvia_third: My soul nearly journeyed down the river to the afterlife!
silvia_third: But unfortunately for you, I am Sylvia, the Growth Chimera! Now it is my turn to crush all of you into nothingness!
kazuma: She was resurrected? This is bad, real bad! 
kazuma: Aaaaaagh!
megumin: Hey, Kazuma? Don't forget I'm out of magic!
？？？: Cursed Crystal Prison!
ナレーション: The slime's tentacles surrounding Kazuma and the others were instantly frozen solid...
wiz: K-Kazuma, are you okay?!
kazuma: Wiz! Vanir! What are you doing here?
banil: We're here to see a craftsman about producing your inventions.\n
banil: Hm. It seems you have broken the seal on the Mage Killer...
kazuma: Huh?!
banil: There is nothing you can hide from a demon like me. 
banil: However, losing the village would be bad for business...
silvia_third: Wiz and Vanir?!
wiz: Ah, Sylvia! It's been a while since we last met.\n
wiz: Why don't we try to settle this peacefully—
silvia_third: Never! You two will pay for your treachery!
banil: Hmm... It would be quite irksome for the Devil King to know that I'm alive. 
banil: Let's deal with her, you pitiful shopkeeper.
Wiz ＆ Vanir: Aaah!
silvia_third: Ahahaha! 
silvia_third: Those puny attacks won't stop me!
wiz: Our magic had no effect on her...
banil: Hm, physical attacks don't appear to work either.
kazuma: How is she so strong?! This should be against the rules!\n
kazuma: She must have some kind of weakness...
kazuma: Wait... Like...? Like... Like...\n
kazuma: That's it! My catchphase!
darkness: Kazuma, did you figure out how to defeat her?
kazuma: Ugh... I guess we're left with no choice! 
kazuma: Listen, everyone!
darkness_mask: Hraaah!
silvia_third: Grr, what is this? Suddenly this crusader can actually hit things... 
silvia_third: Ah! It's you, Vanir!
aqua: Blessing! Blessing! Blessing! Blessing! We've known each other a long time... 
aqua: But this is too much, even for you!
kazuma: Just keep boosting my luck! 
kazuma: Besides, I've got a goddess on my side, right? 
kazuma: I'm counting on you, partner!
aqua: Leave it to me!
wiz: I gathered the magic power of the villagers. I'll transfer it to Megumin and Yunyun!
kazuma: Okay, Darkness and Vanir will buy you some time! It's all riding on our arch wizards. 
kazuma: The real fight's about to begin!
silvia_third: Enough! I've wasted too much of my time dealing with this crazy village! 
silvia_third: Aaah!
darkness_mask: Urk... Ngh?!
silvia_third: I've fought proudly as a general of the Devil King's Army.\n
silvia_third: But in the end, only these lowly goblins look up to me...
silvia_third: There's loyalty, but no love. I realized it when I nearly died... 
silvia_third: There's nothing I want more than love!
silvia_third: My life is nothing without it!
kazuma: You idiot! 
kazuma: That's not true.
silvia_third: Huh?
kazuma: Sylvia, ever since I first met you...\n
kazuma: You're life isn't nothing...to me.
silvia_third: Huh?! I've never had anyone scold me so directly before... 
silvia_third: I love you...
kazuma: I... love you...
silvia_third: I really...    
kazuma: I love you.
ナレーション: Kazuma opened his arms as Sylvia embraced him...
kazuma: With her dullahan armor and slime body, Sylvia was strong against both physical and magic attacks.
kazuma: There is no opening to attack...\n
kazuma: So I'll become her one weakness!
silvia_third: I looooove you!
kazuma: Megumin, Yunyun! Take it from here!
