Crimson Legend - P3
megumin_pajama: Zzz... Zzz...
ナレーション: With the door to the room locked by magic, Kazuma found himself alone with a sleeping Megumin...
megumin_pajama: Ungh... 
megumin_pajama: Huh?
kazuma_jersey: Good morning. Did you sleep well?
megumin_pajama: What are you doing here?! Did you do something to me while I was sleeping?!
kazuma_jersey: Hey, do you really think I would do something like that? Nothing's ever happened before, right?
megumin_pajama: You're right. I'm still a bit groggy... 
megumin_pajama: I know you're not the type of guy to do something in a situation like this.
kazuma_jersey: Of course not. Actually, it was your mother who locked me in here, you know?
megumin_pajama: Ugh, that's so like her. Although...
megumin_pajama: Are you really not going to try anything? I mean, we are alone, after all...
kazuma_jersey: Huh? She wants me to make a move? I guess I really am entering my popular phase!
kazuma_jersey: Of course I am! I mean, we're alone in here, right? Your parents even gave their permission!
megumin_pajama: I knew it! That's it, I'm spending the night at Yunyun's house!
kazuma_jersey: Huh?! Gah, she tricked me!
ナレーション: While Darkness attended to another matter, Kazuma and the rest enjoyed the sights of the Crimson Demon Village.
megumin: This is where the Crimson Demon Clan sealed up its most fearsome enemy. Isn't it amazing?
kazuma: Hm, I can't really tell from the outside.
aqua: Hey Megumin, got any other amazing things sealed away?
megumin: There was the Sealed Grave of the Evil God, and also the Land of the Nameless Goddess, but the seals on them were broken.
kazuma: Shouldn't you be keeping a closer eye on your seals?!
megumin: Okay! Let's keep moving!
megumin: Hello!
Chekera: Oh, you're back, Megumin. I see you have brought some outsiders with you... Ahem.
Chekera: I am Chekera! Master arch wizard, wielder of advanced magic, and the foremost tailor of the Crimson Demon Clan!
kazuma: Does something bad happen to the people here if they don't give some sort of overwrought introduction?
megumin: Actually, I'm looking to replace my robes. I'd like the exact same style for everything, please.
Chekera: Everything?! That's pretty bougie, Megumin...
aqua: Hey, Kazuma, look at this neat thing.
kazuma: What is it, Aqua? 
kazuma: Huh?! That's...that's a rifle...
ナレーション: With its black iron barrel and trigger, the object was clearly a rifle, but now it was being used to hang laundry.
Chekera: That laundry pole has been in my family for generations. It never rusts. It's our priceless treasure.
kazuma: Hanging laundry from a rifle... What's with this village?
megumin: Oh, it's about time for us to get going.\n
megumin: I'll show you the best spot of all!
megumin_school: Welcome to the Red Prison Magic Academy!
ynyn_school: W-welcome...
kazuma: Why's Yunyun here?
megumin_school: Well, I saw that she was feeling lonely when I went to stay the night, so I invited her to join us.
aqua: Hey, are those your school uniforms? They're so cute!
megumin_school: If I am going to show you around such a prestigious school, then of course I must wear my uniform!
kazuma: You just wanted an excuse to wear it.
aqua: Kazuma doesn't have many good memories about school. The oldest wounds hurt the most, after all.
kazuma: Hey! Stop talking about my private life!
？？？: Hehehe...
Kazuma, Aqua ＆ Megumin: Huh?!
arue: It is I, Arue! The most buxom of the Crimson Demons, and now an aspiring author, too!
Funifura: I am Funifura! I'm the eldest sister of the Crimson Demons. Some would even say I have some sort of complex!
Dodonko: And I am Dodonko! The Crimson Demon Clan's foremost... Um, what was it again?
megumin_school: Look, it's Arue, Dodonko, and Funnyface.
Funifura: It's Funifura! You're doing that on purpose!
aqua: Hey Megumin, who are these people?
megumin_school: They were my classmates in school.
arue: Welcome back. I'm glad to see you're safe.
megumin_school: Arue, you shouldn't write letters like that. Some people actually believe them.
ynyn_school: H-hey, why are you all looking at me?!
ナレーション: Aside from the blushing Yunyun, Megumin and the others began to talk fondly of the past...
