Crimson Legend - P5
ナレーション: Later that night, after driving off the Devil King's general, Sylvia, Megumin, and Kazuma shared a tender moment...
kazuma_jersey: I think I deserve a thank you for everything I do for you. I'm always cleaning up your messes.
megumin_pajama: A thank you... You're right.
ナレーション: Megumin faced the blushing Kazuma and clasped her hands around his...
megumin_pajama: In Axel, you took in a lost wizard who could only use explosion magic. Thank you for that.
megumin_pajama: You always carry me home after I use my magic. I...cause trouble, but you let me stay in the party.
kazuma_jersey: ...
megumin_pajama: ...I'm just saying thank you is all. You're the one that wanted me to, so why are you acting so shy?
kazuma_jersey: Oh, uh... I mean, you're always saving me too. So, as you would put it...
kazuma_jersey: I am Kazuma Satou, the foremost low-level adventurer in Axel, and expert at getting himself into trouble!
kazuma_jersey: My plan is to make lots of money and continue to journey alongside you all! 
kazuma_jersey: I look forward to our further adventures.
megumin_pajama: Hehe, I feel the same way.
Kazuma ＆ Megumin: Hahahahaha...
kazuma_jersey: Everything seems to be fine, so... I guess she's not annoyed. Perhaps my time finally has come!
Broadcast: Warning! Warning! The Devil King's army is invading! They have already made their way into the village!
kazuma: Heeeeeey!
silvia: Eeek!
kazuma: You interrupted me! Do you have any idea what time it is?! You're really going to get it now!
silvia: I'm s-sorry... 
silvia: Wait, no! I didn't think I'd find you here!
kazuma: Sylvia, was it? You think you can do whatever you want\n
kazuma: just because you're beautiful?!
ナレーション: Kazuma swung wildly at Sylvia, but she stopped him with one hand.
silvia: Is that all you've got? Wait... You're not Mitsurugi, are you?
kazuma: M-my name is Kazuma Satou. I figured you'd try to hunt me
down if you knew my real name!
silvia: Hahaha, how amusing... I am Sylvia! 
silvia: Head of the Monster Enhancement Division! I have honed my body into the perfect weapon!
silvia: You intrigue me... How would you like to merge together as one?
ナレーション: Sylvia reached out and grabbed Kazuma, placing his head firmly against her chest...
aqua: K-Kazuma!
kazuma: Wait, I can feel her soft chest against my head... What's been going on with me recently?
kazuma: I guess I'm finally starting to attract women, huh? Or is this due to my high luck stat?
silvia: Hey... You have to stop breathing so heavily. You're heating me up.
kazuma: Ah, what should I do? She has me pinned from behind, so each time she moves, my face... This is heaven.
megumin: I'll save you, Kazuma!
darkness: Hold it, Megumin! The power of your explosion magic would take out Kazuma, too!
megumin: But...!
darkness: I'll go and save him!
kazuma: No need to rush.
Aqua, Megumin ＆ Darkness: What?!
kazuma: It seems Sylvia has taken a liking to me. 
kazuma: But recently, you all have been treating me like total garbage.
silvia: Hehe, you're such a good and honest boy. 
silvia: But you shouldn't tease the girls. I'll teach you how to understand women.
darkness: You seem to understand human women rather well, despite being a demon and all.
silvia: Well, I am half man, after all.
kazuma: ...What did you just say?
silvia: Oh my, weren't you paying attention? I'm a chimera. I added this chest that you enjoy so much as a special feature.
kazuma: S-Sylvia, Sylvia... Is that what I think—
silvia: It sure is!
kazuma: YAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!
kazuma: H-huh? Where... Where am I?
silvia: This is the Crimson Demon Village's underground bunker. I am looking for an ancient weapon.
kazuma: Eep!
silvia: Hehe, I'm not going to hurt you.
silvia: I'm looking for a weapon known as the Mage Killer. It can nullify any magic, and is thus greatly feared in this village.
silvia: I finally uncovered its hiding place, but the door won't open.\n
silvia: It's not sealed by magic, though. What is this?!
ナレーション: In front of the door Sylvia wanted to open sat a video game controller, with "Input Command" inscribed in Japanese...
kazuma: Um... Input command?
silvia: You can read these ancient runes?!
kazuma: No, this is just a classic way to get someone to input a password... 
kazuma: Wait, oh no!
silvia: Hehe, you're more resourceful than I ever could've imagined.
kazuma: Heh! I'm still an adventurer though and through! I won't talk so easily.
silvia: I have ways to get you to talk without threats or violence.\n
silvia: My wiles rival even the succubus when it comes to pleasure.
kazuma: Up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, yeah, yeah!
ナレーション: The door opened noisily as Kazuma entered the command, revealing a staircase that led to the weapon...
silvia: Don't you have any pride whatsoever?\n
silvia: Whatever. At least I'll get the weapon now.
kazuma: Oh no! I was so scared that I just entered the code...
megumin: Kazuma! You're safe!
darkness: Where's Sylvia?!
aqua: Hehe, could it be that you defeated her for us already?
kazuma: Hey, Aqua... You shouldn't say things like—
kazuma: Whoa! D-did the ground just shake?!
silvia_secound: Hahaha
silvia_secound: hahaha!
darkness: That's Sylvia?! What is that form she's taken?!
silvia_secound: I told you, I'm a Growth Chimera! I can merge with anything... Even weapons! 
silvia_secound: I am Sylvia! Behold the amazing power I have obtained as a mighty Growth Chimera! 
silvia_secound: Mwahahahaha!
