A Cafe for This Troubled Axis Follower! - P4
ナレーション: The morning of the Axis cafe's grand reopening arrived.
aqua: Would you look at that, Kazuma? We haven't even opened and there's already a line!
cecily_waitress: Hehe! Look at this drove of paying customers, or rather... 
cecily_waitress: New members of our burgeoning congregation!
megumin_waitress: Try not to screw this up with your usual antics, please.
kazuma: This is a bigger turnout than expected! Darkness's fliers 
kazuma: must've done the trick!
darkness: I didn't do anything special. I just refused to give up!
darkness: When you're passing out fliers for an Axis establishment, there is no shortage of scorn.
darkness: "Axis scum," they called me. "Traitor to Eris." One man even threw his garbage at me! 
darkness: It was an ordeal worthy of a crusader!
ynyn_waitress: I had no idea you were put through so much... Why didn't you just stop?
darkness: And waste a chance to endure such suffering? Never! 
darkness: Kazuma, thank you for putting me in charge of the fliers!
kazuma: O-Of course. As long as you're happy, Darkness...
cecily_waitress: Everyone, it's the moment of truth—opening time! 
cecily_waitress: Are we ready to go? Then let's get to it!
kazuma: Oh-ho-hoo! We are absolutely killing it today!
aqua: How much have we made, do you think?
kazuma: I haven't crunched the numbers yet, but we're definitely doing much better than expected!
kazuma: Well, your holy water isn't really selling. But since it's pretty much free to make we're still making a good profit!
Guest: Now that was a scrumptious meal. My compliments.
megumin_waitress: Thank you! I'm glad you enjoyed it!
ynyn_waitress: P-Please stop by again!
kazuma: There are a number of reasons behind this rush, but those two are definitely near the top.
darkness: I agree. Word of our cute waitresses is spreading like wildfire.
kazuma: I'll admit, they are pretty charming wearing those uniforms. 
kazuma: ...So long as they don't start bickering, that is.
megumin_waitress: Kazuma, I'm getting tired. Can I take a break? I haven't cast Explosion yet today.
megumin_waitress: I've never waited tables before, it's pretty tiring... 
megumin_waitress: One earth-busting mega-blast and I'll be right as rain!
kazuma: For the love of all that is decent—wait till after work! You become useless as a human noodle after casting Explosion.
ynyn_waitress: G-Good morning! Table for one?
Adventurer: 'Sup. I've heard that there's a waitress here who's criminally cute.
cecily_waitress: That would be me, of course! Well, stranger? 
cecily_waitress: Having a beauty like me at your service must be a dream come true!
Adventurer: Y-Yeah, the rumors were pretty accurate! You're more "hot" than "cute," but hell, I'm not complaining!
cecily_waitress: Let me show you to your table, sir! It's right this way. 
cecily_waitress: Coming through!
cecily_waitress: Here's your menu. Is there anything that I can start you off with? 
cecily_waitress: My personal recommendation is the grape jelly slime.
Adventurer: Nah, I don't go for sweet stuff. I'll have... Hey, what's this? The Axis Special?
cecily_waitress: Oh my goddess! You, sir, have impeccable taste! 
cecily_waitress: Welcome to the faith! I have your registration form for the Order of Axis right here!
Adventurer: What?! No, I was only asking—
cecily_waitress: Here, you can use my pen! Sign right here on the dotted line! Or I can sign for you, how do you spell your name?
cecily_waitress: Aren't you the luckiest man in Axel? Joining the Order now gets you a grape jelly slime, on the house!
Adventurer: Lady, it's like I said—
cecily_waitress: Sign away! Just hold the pen like this and give it a little flick!
Adventurer: Screw this crazy joint! I'm never coming back here again!
cecily_waitress: Sir? You forgot to sign your form! Sir! What about your jelly slime?
cecily_waitress: *Sigh* I guess my intimidating beauty is just too much 
cecily_waitress: for some people to handle.
kazuma: You're beyond delusional. I told you to get rid of 
kazuma: those registration forms! Stop trying to recruit customers!
ナレーション: Even with Cecily's recruitment hijinks, countless eager customers streamed into the cafe.
ynyn_waitress: Kazuma, two orders of yakisoba—extra pickled ginger!
kazuma: Coming right up!
Male Customer: This exotic delicacy, "yakisoba," was it? It's to die for!
Female Customer: You said it! This flavor is satisfyingly addictive. I just can't stop myself!
darkness: They don't just like it. They love it!
kazuma: I'm glad I made a test batch yesterday.
aqua: If this keeps up, we can do more than just fix a leak... 
aqua: We could add a steeple! Or even build a lavish cathedral, dedicated to yours truly!
cecily_waitress: So many customers, so many new devotees... But how should I 
cecily_waitress: preach the gospel of Aqua to this many people? Anyone have any ideas?
kazuma: You never learn, do you. Create any more bad press and it's 
kazuma: back to square one!
aqua: You're right. We just need to avoid any significant mishaps and we've got it made! Easy-peasy!
kazuma: —Wha?! Quit saying things we're bound to regret! You know it 
kazuma: never ends well for us!
ナレーション: In spite of his dire prediction, Kazuma was certain that the cafe would be a massive success. Little did he suspect the stormy waters they were sailing into.
