ナレーション: Kazuma and the gang were relaxing at the guild one afternoon when the door suddenly burst open...
lean: We've got trouble!
aqua: Oh, hey Rin. What's going on? You don't look so good.
lean: Dust... It's Dust...!
darkness: Calm down now, Rin. Tell us what happened to Dust.
lean: Dust has been arrested!
kazuma: Huh.
lean: What kind of response is that?!
megumin: Well, if you think about how he usually acts... I don't think it's really all that surprising.
lean: Yeah, that may be true, but... 
lean: This is different though. He's suspected of being a panty thief.
kazuma: Oh? I figured it was only a matter of time for him.
lean: He's innocent. I know that because he was with me when the crime occurred.
darkness: So he has an alibi.
lean: Exactly! But I was told 
lean: "Fellow party members can't be trusted to tell the truth," 
lean: so my statement was thrown out.
lean: I mean sure, Dust is a bit shady and is easily mistaken for a hooligan, and has no redeeming qualities...
darkness: ...Sounds like someone else we know.
lean: Still, he shouldn't be arrested for something he didn't do! 
lean: Please help me catch the real panty thief!
aqua: Even with these decoy panties, no one is showing up...
kazuma: Maybe it isn't a very good decoy?\n
kazuma: Darkness's sexy underwear would be—
darkness: H-hey! How do you know what my underwear looks like?!
lean: Kazuma, I see why they call you the "Panty-Stealing Devil." 
lean: Could the person behind the panty-pilfering be...
kazuma: It's not me! Why are you giving me that look?!\n
kazuma: I have to catch the real culprit to prove my innocence...
Screaming Woman: Help! It's the panty thief!
aqua: Kazuma! It looks like our thief has made their entrance!
megumin: I hear footsteps... He's coming this way!
Trolls: Rrraaawwwrrr...
darkness: It's a pack of trolls! Could they be stealing the panties?
Troll Warrior: Grrr... I must steal dancer clothes for Lord Daniel...
kazuma: I get it. Daniel's trolls must be mistaking their underwear for their costumes.
Trolls: Rrraaawwwrrr...
lean: You dirty troll thieves! Thanks to you, Dust has been arrested and now I've got to deal with it!
kazuma: Despite what Rin said before, it's obvious she considers Dust to be a friend...
lean: And if he's arrested, I won't get back the money he owes me! He's not getting away with that!
kazuma: Okay, maybe I was wrong.
Trolls: Rrraaawwwrrr!
megumin: Here they come!
