kazuma: Hey, why did you agree to hunt a pack of beginner's banes? One would be bad enough, but a group? 
kazuma: That's pushing it.
megumin: What are you whining about, Kazuma?\n
megumin: My magic will wipe them out in an instant! I can't wait!
darkness: Packs of them have plagued the road to Arcanretia lately. The guild made the request to protect travelers.
aqua: Right! And it's our duty to help those who are in trouble! It's not just about paying off our huge bar tab, you know?
kazuma: *Sigh* I figured that was it. 
kazuma: Still...
cielo: L-let's give it our all today!
darkness: It's unusual to see you on your own, Cielo. I feel like Axel Hearts is always together.
cielo: Ah, yes. Well, I was thinking about some stuff...
aqua: What happened? Did you girls get into a fight or something? 
aqua: As a goddess, I'd be happy to hear your confession!
cielo: Oh, I'm fine... 
cielo: We're getting along fine... We're not fighting or anything. I really just don't want to rest on my laurels.
cielo: I... You see, I'm always relying on them.
kazuma: Actually, I think it's the other way around, Cielo. 
kazuma: I mean, you clean Lia's room like every other day.
cielo: W-well, yes. I suppose I do things like that sometimes...
cielo: Still, I always end up causing them more trouble than they do me...\n
cielo: Like punching guys at the meet-and-greets.
Everyone: Ah...
cielo: That's why I wanted a quest where I didn't need Lia or Erika's help... 
cielo: So I could buy them a present to say thanks.
darkness: I see. So you want to pay them back for the kindness they show you every day.
megumin: That's a great idea. I think it will make the both of them quite happy indeed.
cielo: Um, so could you not tell Lia and Erika about today...?
aqua: I get it. You want this to be our secret, right? Leave it to us!
cielo: I-I'll try to give my all on this quest. I know I'm not very experienced... 
cielo: But I appreciate your help!
kazuma: Yeah, likewise. Anyway, it's nice to hear you're looking\n
kazuma: to repay your friends for always looking out for you.
kazuma: I'm jealous. I sure wish I had good friends who think about others like you do...
darkness: Hey, why are you looking at us when you say that?
megumin: Yeah! You're the one who should be paying us back.
aqua: I've resurrected you so many times, I've lost count, Kazuma! And I also covered for you on bathroom duty the other day!
？？？: Grrrrrrrrr...
cielo: Huh?! Ah, um... Everyone? E-excuse me?
kazuma: Wait a minute... 
kazuma: Bathroom chores aside, I only need to be resurrected because of the trouble you cause!
cielo: Excuse me, please listen to—
aqua: You die all the time because you're weak, right?!\n
aqua: Also, don't take cleaning toilets lightly. That's—
cielo: P-please, you have to listen to me!
kazuma: Whoa... I had no idea you could be so loud, Cielo.
megumin: You also look really scared. What's going on?
aqua: Wait, it's not like a pack of beginner's banes snuck up on us while we were arguing... 
aqua: That's not it, right?
cielo: That is exactly what it is...
Beginner's Bane Pack: Grrraaaaaarrr!
Kazuma, Aqua ＆ Megumin: Aaaaaaaaaaaah!
darkness: I've never seen so many of them before...
cielo: L-look at the rear of the pack... That one's a different color than the rest...
megumin: It appears to be a variant species. 
megumin: Probably stronger than the regular ones... A midlevel bane, maybe?
darkness: Hehe, hehehehe... Variants? Now that's interesting!\n
darkness: Okay, I'd like to see it sink its fangs into me!
cielo: Darkness isn't scared of these monsters at all... I need to be more like her!
cielo: Finally, I'll be able to repay my friends for their help! Everyone, please lend me your strength!
