ナレーション: Finally free from fighting the fearsome Daniel, Kazuma and his friends refocused their attention on enjoying a fiercely-deserved fiesta.
kazuma: ...You know what I never want to see again? Trolls.
darkness: I agree... We need to find a monster that can put up more of 
darkness: a fight, those attacks weren't nearly painful enough.
aqua: Make it one we can eat, please. Like those tasty toads. 
aqua: I need some snacks to go with my evening bubbly!
kazuma: How can you be so flippant after all we've been through?
megumin: I brought that troll to its knees with my explosion magic. 
megumin: Feel free to add "Troll Slayer" to my titles.
kazuma: There she goes again... 
kazuma: Normally, I'd treat her to a healthy dose of some common sense... 
kazuma: But our debt's clear now. I think we've earned some R&R!
cecily: Greetings, Lady Aqua! And her entourage.
kazuma: I think that's the sound of my R&R going on vacation without me...
aqua: Why if it isn't Cecily, my most loyal servant. It's not often you drop by.
cecily: I've come to beseech your divine guidance. 
cecily: The Order of Axis is facing a crisis.
megumin: Is this another ploy to rope us into joining your hokey organization? Sorry, but we're not interested.
cecily: Please, I really do need your help! 
cecily: Naturally, I will pay you handsomely for your time.
cecily: How does a two-day vacation in Arcanretia, 
cecily: luxuriating in the the hot springs with the prettiest priestess in the land 
cecily: sound?
kazuma: It sounds terrible. That place is a living hell.
darkness: Come now. Let's at least hear her out. Arcanretia is a heavenly domain.
darkness: The Axis followers here glower at me as if I were human trash. 
darkness: Aaah!
kazuma: That excites you, does it?
darkness: ...Not in the slightest!
cecily: Goddess, I come today with a most urgent matter. 
cecily: The roof of the town's beloved Axis church...is leaking!
cecily: It's served us well, but has succumbed to decay—and we don't 
cecily: have the funds to fix it. I fear we'll lose worshipers!
kazuma: Really? That's fantastic!
megumin: Everyone will finally have a bit of peace and quiet.
aqua: Excuse me? My flock is in distress! Can you at least try 
aqua: to show a little concern?
kazuma: Lemme think... Nope.
megumin: If the Order of Axis is forced to tone it down, everyone else'll get a bit of peace, even the Eris followers.
cecily: Which is how I know those Eris swine are behind our roof troubles! The heinous meddlers are sabotaging our church!
kazuma: Even if they were, it'd be a fraction of what you do to them.
darkness: The Axis congregation in Axel is fairly tame... 
darkness: But those Arcanretians—they're amazingly twisted!
aqua: So, Cecily... To make a long story short, the church needs money for repairs, yes?
cecily: The light of your divine wisdom blesses us all, Lady Aqua.
kazuma: Oh no, I'm not going along with this! Helping a bunch of fanatics is 
kazuma: way more trouble than it's worth.
cecily: Have you no pity? I'm not asking for a tithe, merely your kind cooperation! You'll be rewarded!
megumin: She seems to be in a real bind, Kazuma. We should at least hear her out.
cecily: Thank you, sweet munchkin! You're a blessing. Perhaps we can visit the hot springs together?
megumin: ...No? And don't call me "munchkin."
cecily: Very well. Then to you I shall bestow the greatest of rewards... 
cecily: The right to a sleepover with the prettiest priestess in—
megumin: Pass. 
megumin: I'm starting to have second thoughts about helping you out now.
cecily: Okay, okay! I'll be serious! All you have to do is pitch in a teensy bit—promise!
cecily: I'll be getting everything ready at the church. Can't wait to see you there!
kazuma: There's always something with that Cecily.
aqua: My little lambs are bleating for aid! C'mon, let's go!
darkness: Are Eris followers allowed to help too?
megumin: I don't see why not. At the end of the day, we're all human. 
megumin: W-Well, we can help others out regardless of our faith.
kazuma: But why the sudden change of heart, Megumin? I thought you despised the Order of Axis.
megumin: ...And they may have helped me out with something a while back, 
megumin: so this might be the perfect way to pay off that debt.
kazuma: Oh? Now what did they help you with, exactly—
ynyn: Megumin!
kazuma: Whoa!
ynyn: It's time to settle our score once and for all!
megumin: Perfect timing as always, Yunyun. 
megumin: We were just about to go to the Axis church to help out with something. Why don't you come with?
kazuma: Great idea, Megumin! If we're walking into the den of those Axis nutjobs—the more allies we have, the den better.
aqua: Ahem! I resent that choice of words! My adherents are benevolent, hardworking folk—not a bunch of nutjobs!
darkness: They're certainly lively! It's always a fearsome test of endurance when the Axis followers shower me in 
darkness: their vile slander!
ynyn: Wait, huh? I didn't come here to convert. 
ynyn: I came here to settle things with—
megumin: And we're off! C'mon, don't get left behind!
ynyn: F-Fine, I'll go! Hey, you're going to yank my arm 
ynyn: clean off, Megumin!
ナレーション: The group set off for the church of Axis, having successfully drafted the hapless Yunyun into helping them.
