ナレーション: With the theater closed for the day, Kazuma and Axel Hearts held a meeting about their next performance...
erica: So, for the next show... 
erica: Who's going to be in the center?\n
erica: The cool me? The sexy me? 
erica: Or maybe the cute me?
kazuma: What other choices have we got? 
kazuma: I think we need more balance here. Cielo, you take the center next.
cielo: M-Me?! 
cielo: I don't know if that's a good idea...
lia: Aw, show a little more confidence! You've got all kinds of fans. Just do your best for them.
Deliveryman: Excuse me! Is there a Kazuma Satou here? I have a letter for him, and I heard he might be here...
kazuma: Yes, I'm Kazuma. Next time, you can just drop it off at the mansion.
Deliveryman: Ah, my orders were to put it directly into your hands. Or else they'd have my head...
kazuma: Like, literally chop your head off? Okay, this sounds serious... 
kazuma: Wait, hang on... Is that a royal seal on this envelope?!
Deliveryman: Indeed! This letter was penned by no less than a royal family member. Please sign here as proof of receipt.
kazuma: Really? Okay, then.
Deliveryman: Thank you! Well, I'll be off...
erica: It's from the royal family? Are you really that important, Kazuma?!
kazuma: Nah, it's just from Iris.
lia: Iris... 
lia: As in the First Princess of Belzerg?!
cielo: You're on a first-name basis with HER?! Kazuma, what else have you been hiding?
kazuma: Let's see here... "There will be a ball in honor of our faithful heroes. I wish to invite you, Brother."
erica: Brother? Is she talking about you, Kazuma?!
kazuma: Yeah, that's what she calls me. Iris and me, we're like "that."
cielo: The Princess...? Maybe she has some kind of soft spot for Kazuma.
kazuma: What? No way! We're just friends! Jeez!
lia: Well, at any rate, you're invited to a royal ball.
kazuma: Guess so. It says here I can bring a "plus one."
erica: Me, me! Pick me! I want to go!
erica: If I can get close to the royal family, then maybe they can tell me something about my parents!
kazuma: That's... kind of unlikely. 
kazuma: Although I bet Iris would get a kick out of meeting Axel Hearts...
cielo: I'll pass. I'm no good at parties... 
cielo: Besides, Erika obviously wants to go.
lia: Me, I wouldn't mind going, but... 
lia: Erika wants it more, so let's just give it to her.
erica: Thanks, you two! Whee, I get to go to the ball!
kazuma: You do, but it'd be weird bringing just one member of a dance group...
kazuma: Yeah, you know what? Axel Hearts is a team. You're all coming with me.
erica: Huh? But that invitation isn't for FOUR people, is it?
kazuma: Bah. I'm Kazuma, slayer of the Devil King's generals. We'll make it work.
kazuma: Maybe I could have you dance for Iris. Just be ready for a show at any second.
lia: Okay, Producer!
kazuma: I hope my mouth didn't just write a check my reputation can't cash... 
kazuma: What should I do? Walk up to the castle gate and beg? No, that's not going to work...
？？？: Kazuma Satou! Is that you, Kazuma?!
kazuma: Ugh, not now...
mitsurugi: Hey, Kazuma. 
mitsurugi: Is that an invitation from Lady Iris you're holding? So you received one as well.
kazuma: Hang on... 
kazuma: You have an invitation too?!
mitsurugi: I have been acquainted with the royal family ever since I first fought against the Devil King's army.
kazuma: Right, you with your big magic sword.
mitsurugi: I am off to buy a new outfit for the ball. It would be rude to attend a royal function in my usual vestments.
mitsurugi: And, hero though I am, I would be remiss to attend the ball without a beautiful lady at my side.
mitsurugi: What are your plans, Kazuma Satou? If you need a fine clothier, I could introduce you to one.
kazuma: I hate this guy. Always name-dropping, trying to impress me. What a pain!
mitsurugi: Ah, but look at the time. I'm afraid I must be off.\n
mitsurugi: I shall see you at the capital, Kazuma Satou!
kazuma: Yeah, later.
kazuma: Hm, this'll be kinda lame of me, but I'm doing it for Axel Hearts. And Iris!
kazuma: Not like I'm doing it out of spite... 
kazuma: And it's not like he'll be there at the ball to call me out on it... 
kazuma: "Steal"!
ナレーション: As Mitsurugi ran off, Kazuma used his signature skill, thereby securing another invitation to the ball.
kazuma: Awesome! Sometimes, it's good to be a thief. Now, Axel Hearts can all go together!
kazuma: Sucks for Big Hero Mitsurugi... 
kazuma: But if he really is a friend of the royal family, he'll be fine!
ナレーション: A smug smile formed on Kazuma's face as he imagined the ball to come...
