A Ball at This Kingdom's Castle! - P3
ナレーション: Iris and Kazuma were playing a board game that must have been brought to this world by someone from Japan...
kazuma: I lost! I can't believe I lost! Ooh, I'll never play this again!
iris: Oh, you're such a baby, brother. Only a child stops playing because they can't win.
iris: Let's play again. I'll go easy on you this time.
kazuma: Go easy on me? That hurts even more.
iris: Yeah, I suppose it would. 
iris: In that case, how about you make the first three moves? We'll play seriously after that?
kazuma: Okay, sounds good to me! Let's play one more game. 
kazuma: Wait, what's wrong with you?
lia: Nothing, it's just...kinda surprising to see a princess and a common adventurer get along so well.
erica: Yeah, you seem to get along better than real siblings.
iris: Better than...real siblings?
cielo: Yes, it's amazing to be able to say whatever's on your mind.
kazuma: Well, we do get along better now than we did at first. Back then, well...
iris: "What a rude fellow! Lord Mitsurugi would never lose to an awful adventurer like you!"
iris: "Explain how such a thing could even be possible! If you cannot do so, it is clear you are a filthy liar!"
kazuma: She said lots of mean things, and we got into plenty of fights.
iris: B-brother! What you are saying is not wrong, but did I really speak in such a tone?
kazuma: I might have embellished it a little.
iris: Oh, do not tease me like that!
cielo: Um, Lady Iris... How did you and Kazuma end up becoming such good friends?
kazuma: Cielo, you make it sound like it's weird for anyone to get along with me.
iris: Hehe... That aside, I thought it was nice having someone who is open and honest, like an older brother to me.
iris: He treats me like a regular person even though I am royalty. He's the first person I have ever met to do so.
erica: I can't believe you can be so rude to a princess, Kazuma...
kazuma: It's fine! In fact, that's why it's comfortable for us to talk honestly like this right now. 
kazuma: Right, Lady Iris?
iris: Right, Kazuma!
lia: Kazuma is in no way, shape, or form normal.
clair: Pardon me, Your Highness.
iris: Ah, Claire. Is it time already?
clair: Yes. I've come to help you prepare for the ball.
iris: Well then, I guess I'll see you at the ball. We'll have to finish this game later.
kazuma: You're not gonna let me avenge my loss?! That's not fair!
iris: By the way, did you bring clothes for the ball?
kazuma: No, I didn't have time to prepare any. But I'll be fine.\n
kazuma: I just plan on watching from the corner.
iris: That would make it pointless for me to have invited you!\n
iris: I quite like how you look now, but...
iris: Rain, could you maybe arrange some clothing for him?
rain: Yes, of course.
rain: Now then, I shall prepare some clothes for you, Lord Kazuma.
rain: We look forward to seeing you perform at the ball, Axel Hearts.
lia: Thank you! It is a real honor to perform at this event.
erica: Performing at the request of Lady Iris herself...\n
erica: Even the royal family itself is enamored with my cuteness!
cielo: Ooh, there'll be many nobles at the ball, won't there? I feel a little nervous...
kazuma: You said it yourself: status doesn't prevent you from chasing dreams. 
kazuma: Now, let's show them what you can do!
Axel Hearts: Got it!
ナレーション: The group began making preparations for their upcoming show...
