A Ball at This Kingdom's Castle! - P5
ナレーション: The serving trays were piled high with delicacies as Axel Hearts kicked off the festivities...
erica_stage: I want to thank all of you for coming to see us today!
cielo_stage: Th-that's not it, Erika. They're here for the ball.
lia_stage: Please enjoy the wonderful food and drinks during your time here at the ball!
Noble A: Ah, this was my first time seeing a dance performance. It was really quite lively.
Noble B: Indeed. Tonight's ball has been simply marvelous...
kazuma_dance: The nobles here seem to have really liked the show. Hopefully we can find a sponsor or two...
iris: Brother!
kazuma_dance: Oh, hey Iris. How did you like Axel Hearts?
iris: They were fantastic! I had so much fun! I have never seen anything like it, and I can't wait to see it again!
kazuma_dance: Is that so? Well, maybe you can come to a show at Arcanretia or the Crimson Demon Village next time.
clair: Hey, you do realize what will happen if you try to take Lady Iris from the castle, right?
kazuma_dance: Whoa! Yeah, yeah, I get it. I'll be careful...
iris: Hehe, have you been enjoying the ball?
kazuma_dance: I sure have.
iris: Glad to hear it! 
iris: Now, I have a request for you—
mitsurugi_dance: Lady Iris, I must thank you for inviting me here.
iris: Oh, Mitsurugi! It's been quite a while.
mitsurugi_dance: Well, it has not been that long of an absence, but I must say that you have become even more beautiful.
kazuma_dance: This guy is a real piece of work!
mitsurugi_dance: That dress also suits you so very well. Truly, it brings out your natural radiance.
iris: My, you have a way with words. Thank you.
mitsurugi_dance: If I may be so bold as to ask... May I have this dance?
iris: Yes, of course, brave hero of the magical blade.
kazuma_dance: ...
ナレーション: The Axel Hearts show ended, and after some idle chatter, the hall filled with music as everyone began to dance...
iris: Lord Mitsurugi, you are quite a skilled dancer.
mitsurugi_dance: My skills hardly compare to yours, Lady Iris. Still, I am honored by your compliment.
Noble A: Lady Iris dancing with Lord Mitsurugi... What an exquisite scene!
mitsurugi_dance: Hehe... Everyone at the ball wants to share a dance with you, Lady Iris.
mitsurugi_dance: I must say that I am extremely pleased to have been your first dance partner.
Noble B: He is quite the handsome young man. They make a good pair.
kazuma_dance: Damn, when it comes to dancing I... 
kazuma_dance: Well, I've never danced.\n
kazuma_dance: Erika, pass me some of that meat.
erica_stage: Oh Kazuma, are you jealousy eating?
kazuma_dance: No. I don't get many chances to eat gourmet food, so I want to try everything I can.
lia_stage: I'm surprised to see you so jealous, Kazuma.
kazuma_dance: I'm not! I just hate seeing someone who is basically my sister being treated that way by Mitsurugi—
ナレーション: Just as Kazuma was about to finish his thought, an alarm sounded through the ballroom...
Announcement: Warning! Warning! Monsters have appeared in the capital!
Announcement: Royal Knights, prepare for battle at once! All adventurers are asked to aid in defending the city! Repeat—
clair: They won't make it this far, but it's good to be cautious. The ball is suspended until we can secure the area.
mitsurugi_dance: I shall assist in the battle. I must do my part to help!
Noble A: Oh, I feel better knowing Lord Mitsurugi is going!
mitsurugi_dance: Worry not, Lady Iris. As the wielder of the magical blade, I shall protect you all.
iris: Lord Mitsurugi...
Noble B: Those two truly make a picturesque couple.
kazuma_dance: I'm going too! I must keep Iris safe from these monsters and these equally-evil men!
Troll: Grrrrrrrrr!
kazuma: Trolls, huh? Even I can handle a few of these— 
Magic Iron Golem: Rrraaawwwrrr!!!
kazuma: Wait, there are magic golems here too?! I thought we were just dealing with trolls!
mitsurugi: Any foe who stands in my way will taste this mystic blade!
kazuma: Wait! We should call in some backup if we're going to— 
lia: Hraaaaaah!
kazuma: Not you too! 
kazuma: Oh fine, forget it! 
