A Cafe for This Troubled Axis Follower! - P2
ナレーション: And so, at Cecily's behest, the team found themselves at the local headquarters of the zealous Order of Axis.
kazuma: This is my first time inside. I didn't expect it 
kazuma: to be so...plain, though.
megumin: Compared to the church of Eris, it is rather simple. 
megumin: Their congregation must be smaller than we thought.
darkness: I see where the rain is getting through. This isn't something 
darkness: we can repair, though. We'll need a real carpenter.
aqua: Which will require no small amount of money... What can we do?
kazuma: We just got out of debt. I'm not going back into it for your fanatics.
ynyn: Either we collect tithes from church members, or we'll have to come up with another way to generate income.
cecily: Another way, you say? 
cecily: Then follow me!
megumin: Why are we at a cafe?
cecily: At first glance, this may seem like run-of-the-mill cafe. 
cecily: But it's actually owned and operated by the Order of Axis!
aqua: Really? Guess that counts as a way to earn money.
ynyn: But it doesn't seem like business is exactly booming.
kazuma: No, but a couple customers is better than none...
Cafe Patron A: *Munch* Now that's some tasty stir fry! Organically raised Axis veggies are pure epicurean heaven!
Cafe Patron B: This tableware is so shiny, it's practically blinding! That patented Axis super detergent works miracles!
kazuma: Are those are two of your Axis wackos, Cecily? They're scaring all 
kazuma: the real customers away!
Cafe Employee: May I take your order, ma'am?
darkness: Oh, I'm sorry, I'm not here as a customer.
Cafe Employee: Well, would you like to hear about our special? Free with every coffee you'll get an official registration form for the church of Axis! Join the Order with your order!
darkness: I-I need no such thing! I am a follower of the goddess Eris.
Cafe Employee: ...Oh. Please accept my apologies. I had no idea.
darkness: ...Wow. She took that rather well. Much better than 
darkness: my experience in Arcanretia.
Cafe Employee: Here, ma'am, we serve this free of charge to all of our Eris brothers and sisters. Enjoy!
darkness: A...bucket of hay? 
darkness: You're serving people horse fodder?!
Cafe Employee: Enjoy!
darkness: Oh, I'm quaking in my armor!
darkness: The humiliation! The scorn! 
darkness: I never dreamed I'd receive such treatment in Axel!
kazuma: You're definitely their only satisfied customer.
cecily: As you can see, we run a tight ship! We follow health regulations and the Order's Eris policies to the letter! 
cecily: ...So why doesn't business ever pick up?
kazuma: It's not a tight ship— It's sinking!
kazuma: Okay, gang. If we're going to raise the repair funds, this cafe needs to bring in more revenue.
kazuma: We'll need some signature items. Aqua, purify the drinking water to sell as holy water! 
kazuma: It'll make a good gift too.
aqua: Holy water blessed by the goddess Aqua herself, eh? 
aqua: Leave it to me! I'll make it the next big thing!
kazuma: Darkness, you hand out fliers. You're the perfect for facing the ornery masses.
darkness: You can count on me!
megumin: And what about me, Kazuma? What should I do?
kazuma: I want you waiting tables with Yunyun.
ynyn: Me?! Are you sure? 
ynyn: It's a little outside my area of expertise...
megumin: Let's make it a contest! The waitress with the most 
megumin: sales wins! What do you say?
ynyn: That's how it is, huh? Fine, I accept your challenge!
cecily: With this many service staff, we need someone to manage 'em. 
cecily: Since I'm in charge here and I'm drop-dead gorgeous—I'll do it!
cecily: Your uniforms will also fall under my jurisdiction. I trust that won't be a problem? 
cecily: *Pant pant*
ynyn: Y-Your face is awfully close! Do whatever you want! 
ynyn: I won't argue!
cecily: Hehehe, two attractive young girls as my own personal 
cecily: dolls... I'm looking forward to playing dress-up.
megumin: You really should keep those kind of thoughts to yourself.
kazuma: Even if she uses her crazy recruitment tactics, 
kazuma: with those two looking after her, I think we'll be fine.
kazuma: As for me, I'll be in the kitchen! There are some ultra 
kazuma: popular dishes from my world that will fit right in here.
kazuma: We'll need to hurry if we're going to reopen tomorrow. Let's get moving, people!
