My Calling - P2
kazuma: Create Water!
aqua: Very funny. What's a soothing splash of water gonna do?
kazuma: Let's see them scramble around after this... 
kazuma: Freeze!
lean: Hey, the ground froze right under them!
Mega Giant Toad: *Ribbit* *Riiibbit*
megumin: They're sitting ducks now!
darkness: We stuck it to Verdia with the very same tactic! Nice!
lean: Nice? We're standing on ice too! 
lean: H-Help, I'm f-f-fall— 
lean: Ouch! What gives, Kazuma? Now we can't move either!
aqua: Sure we can. Just glide over the ice, 
aqua: like so.
aqua: 　　　　　
kazuma: Whaddaya know... The goddess can skate.
lean: Aqua is a woman of many talents.
kazuma: I'll say. She's better at most things than her actual job.
kazuma: Next up, Create Earth!
kazuma: And one more for good measure! 
kazuma: Wind Breath!
Mega Giant Toad: *Ribbit*
megumin: Amazing! The sandstorm has them blinded!
darkness: *Cough cough*
darkness: Uh, Kazuma? Would it be too much trouble to tone down the friendly fire? 
darkness: Or are you doing it on purpose? Such blatant disregard for 
darkness: your comrades... That is SO you, Kazuma!
kazuma: Oh c'mon, guys. You've been through worse than sand.
kazuma: They're dead in the water. Megumin, that's your cue!
megumin: I'm on it. After this, their pieces'll be in pieces! 
megumin: EXPLOSION!!!
lean: No qualms with splitting the reward evenly, I trust?
kazuma: Quests are way easier with a crew of five.
megumin: Plus, I got to use my favorite spell. I'm a happy camper.
lean: I've got to hand it to Kazuma. It's rare to see such mastery 
lean: of beginner-level magic.
lean: Hold on... 
lean: Kazuma, were those the ninja tactics you were talking about earlier?
kazuma: Maybe I'll make that my job now.
aqua: I'd reconsider. No one in this world has an inkling of what that is.
kazuma: True. I'll lay my ninja aspirations to rest then.
kazuma: Plus, my current job has a knack for saving your collective hides.
lean: No arguing that. I can't imagine you being anything else.
lean: Maybe what I've got isn't so bad. Dust and the boys need me as I am...a wizard. 
lean: The idea of switching classes was tempting, but you know what? I think I'll stay 
lean: put...keep being me.
ナレーション: Kazuma had unwittingly helped Rin accept her fate.
