The Princess's Desert Tour - P2
ナレーション: The party fought off the sudden monster attack before making camp for the night. Now it was time for dinner...
aqua: The fire's starting to go out. Can you add some 
aqua: flames, Kazuma?
kazuma: Sure thing. Tinder!
megumin: Ahh... That's better. How'd it get so cold? We were just dying of heat. 
megumin: The desert's so strange.
iris_stealth: It is, isn't it? However, I do enjoy being able to eat under 
iris_stealth: the stars with everyone like this.
darkness: Let's all get some rest tonight. We'll set out again at first light.
aqua: It sure is cold, Kazuma...
aqua: I sure wish we had some bubbly. That'd warm us up for sure.
kazuma: Stop your whining. Here, drink this.
megumin: Hot cocoa?
kazuma: I've got enough for everyone. 
kazuma: Here you go, Iris.
iris_stealth: Thank you, Kazuma.
iris_stealth: I really appreciate you letting me accompany you on this 
iris_stealth: trip. It's been a most wonderful experience.
kazuma: Don't mention it. Though it did take some persuading before 
kazuma: Claire and Rain would allow it.
iris_stealth: The fact that Claire agreed in the end simply proves that deep down she approves of you. Wouldn't you agree?
iris_stealth: I do hope that means this will not be the last time you take 
iris_stealth: me along on one of your journeys.
kazuma: I'll make sure of it!
iris_stealth: I wonder what kind of amazing place I'll get to see next.
iris_stealth: Maybe a frozen ice field, or the depths of a creepy canyon: 
iris_stealth: I want to visit all kinds of places!
kazuma: Sounds fun. Not as fun as sleeping in, though.
iris_stealth: Kazuma! Don't say things like that... 
iris_stealth: *Yawn* You'll ruin... 
iris_stealth: my dreams...
kazuma: What's wrong, Iris? You tired?
iris_stealth: Zzz... Zzz... Zzzzzz...
aqua: She fell asleep.
darkness: Poor girl must be exhausted. We've been walking all day. I'll prepare her bed.
kazuma: She may be a princess and a strong fighter to boot, 
kazuma: but she's still a kid. Sure looks peaceful sleeping, too.
ナレーション: Kazuma got the feeling that visiting new places wouldn't be so bad as long as Iris was along for the trip.
