A Ball at This Kingdom's Castle! - P2
ナレーション: The morning of the ball, Kazuma and Axel Hearts presented their tickets without incident.
erica: Wow, it's so beautiful. Are we even allowed to step on this carpet?\n
erica: Kazuma, look! That column is literally sparkling!
cielo: The carpet has such fine colors woven into it, and the columns are just the right flavor of decor.
cielo: The design also pays respect to the foreign emissaries here. This castle really is amazing!
lia: It's impressive that you notice these things, Cielo. You really are a noblewoman.
kazuma: Do nobles just, like, sit down and study all that?
cielo: Ahaha... 
cielo: They taught me all kinds of things when I was little. Some of them, I still remember.
rain: Lady Iris! Please wait!
iris: Brother! You're here quite early!
kazuma: Hey, Iris. It's been a while. Figured I was in the neighborhood, we might as well catch up.
clair: Lady Iris! It is rude to run in the castle... And I've never seen you do so before.
clair: This must be Lord Kazuma's influence.
kazuma: Yeah, I don't think that's my fault.
lia: Your Highness!
erica: M-My... 
erica: My lady!
ナレーション: Lia and Cielo knelt as soon as they saw the princess, and Erika soon followed their lead.
lia: It is an honor to meet you. I am a member of Axel Hearts—
iris: Your name is Lia, yes? And you must be Cielo and Erika.
cielo: Huh? How do you know our names?!
erica: Oh, wow! We're so cute, they even know us in the capital!
kazuma: Be quiet, Erika.
iris: You're the dance group who joined that contest. The capital has spoken of you well, and often.
lia: It's an honor to know you have heard of us, Your Highness.
iris: I also heard of your exploits against those evil trolls. Such efforts are greatly appreciated.
iris: On behalf of the capital, allow me to offer my gratitude. Thank you so very much.
cielo: P-Princess Iris! You don't have to bow to us!
rain: You three are well renowned here, as adventurers and dancers both.
kazuma: Yep! All thanks to their producer, the one and only Kazuma Satou!
clair: By the way, I sent you only one invitation, so how are the four of you here, Lord Kazuma?
kazuma: Huh? Really? There were two in the envelope, so I figured that'd cover all four of us...
clair: Two invitations? That's not possible...
lia: She's right, Kazuma. You said you only had one, but you'd "make it work"...
kazuma: ...No, that was before I checked the envelope again. Turned out there were two of them!
kazuma: That was too close... I can't let 'em find out I stole the other one!
iris: Hee hee... And what of Megumin and the others? Are they here in town with you?
kazuma: Well, I really wanted to introduce you to Axel Hearts, so everybody else stayed back in Axel.
iris: Oh, that's a shame I won't get to see them...\n
iris: But thank you for your kindness, Brother.
iris: Oh yes, earlier you said a strange word. Produ-something or other...
kazuma: Good catch. See, the reason Axel Hearts have gotten so popular is 'cause I produce them!
iris: You... produce them?
kazuma: Yep, that's what I said. Produce them. 
kazuma: See, I help train them, and guide them, and find them new fans, and then I keep those fans happy.
iris: That's amazing! I had no idea you could do such things!
kazuma: Yep. You know, you can call me "producer" too, if you like.
iris: Very well then, Brother Producer!
kazuma: "Brother Producer"...
kazuma: I like the sound of that.
clair: Ahem! Please forgive my intrusion, but I do need to confirm your identities.
lia: I am Lia, leader of the dance group Axel Hearts. My adventurer job class is lancer.
erica: I'm Erika, also a dancer. And when I adventure, I'm a ranger with god-tier cuteness!
cielo: I... 
cielo: Er, um... My name is Cielo.
rain: Ah, I thought I recognized you. So it is you, Lady Cielo.
cielo: Yes, I am glad to see you are well, Lady Rain. Lady Claire, I haven't seen you since the party.
clair: Oh, yes! Now I remember! 
clair: My apologies for not recognizing you sooner. I'm surprised to see you as a dancer, to be honest.
kazuma: Wait, they know each other? Well, Cielo's nobility, so they've probably seen each other around.
cielo: Surprised, really? You might know that Darkness... 
cielo: ...Er, Lady Lalatina, that is— She's an adventurer too. Status doesn't keep you from chasing your dreams.
iris: Ah, well spoken! Even a princess like myself need not abstain from what she wishes to accomplish.
iris: Brother, we still have time before the ball begins. Would you like to play our usual game?
kazuma: Sure, I've been practicing.
lia: Wh-What kind of game is this?
kazuma: Our game. And we take it seriously!\n
kazuma: Today, we settle the score for good!
iris: Music to my ears. Very well, let us begin!
ナレーション: Kazuma and Iris headed to her room, with nothing on their minds but their upcoming match...
