A Cafe for This Troubled Axis Follower! - P5
ナレーション: Though the grand reopening brought the cafe record sales, the momentum quickly dwindled as the week progressed.
kazuma: We couldn't be further from our first day's success. We're losing customers by the minute.
ynyn_waitress: I-I really tried my best, but waiting tables is just another 
ynyn_waitress: thing I'm terrible at—I'm so sorry! I've let you all down!
kazuma: Hey now! This isn't your fault, no matter how you slice it!
kazuma: Dammit. It was stupid to think everything would go smoothly.
Customer A: I'd like to order, please!
ynyn_waitress: On my way!
Customer B: Excuse me, can I get a coffee?
kazuma: Sure, we'll be right with you!
kazuma: Oh, good, Megumin you're back from break! Someone in your section needs—
megumin_waitress: Sorry—I just fired off an Explosion. I can barely support my own body weight, let alone take orders.
kazuma: Why, pray tell, did you go and do that?! I specifically told you to wait until after work!
megumin_waitress: I couldn't help it! You had me slaving away all day yesterday. I had to release stress somehow.
Customer B: Excuse me? My coffee?
megumin_waitress: Kazuma, give me a piggyback ride so I can take him some coffee.
kazuma: It's easier to take care of it myself!
Customer C: Stop, you crazy broad! I said forget it, okay?!
kazuma: Oh, what is it now?!
cecily_waitress: Sir, I'm afraid it's standard policy here. We can't serve you food if you don't cooperate.
Customer C: You've got to be kidding me! Please, I'll pay extra! Just bring me some of that glorious yakisoba!
cecily_waitress: Sir, I promise, I am definitely not kidding. 
cecily_waitress: You must recite the pre-meal motto. It will only take a second.
cecily_waitress: Chant these magic words and the yakisoba is yours! Now, repeat after me: 
cecily_waitress: "The goddess Eris pads her chest!" ♪
Customer C: Th-The goddess Eris p-pads... Oh, damn it all! I can't! I can't blaspheme blessed Eris, not even for some yakisoba! I'm leaving!
cecily_waitress: ...
cecily_waitress: Then starve, Eris scum. 
cecily_waitress: Smile upon me, Lady Aqua! I've exposed another heathen!
kazuma: Cecily, get it through your thick skull! Harassing Eris followers is bad for business!
darkness: Kazuma, I need your help!
kazuma: Ooh, when it rains...!
darkness: I was passing out fliers, wallowing in the tremendous abuse the townsfolk heap on Axis followers when...the police arrived.
Police: Are you her employer? Yeah, we need you to shut down, immediately. We can't have this kind of obscene behavior in public.
kazuma: You've got the wrong idea! We're a cafe! A perfectly normal, law-abiding cafe!
Customer B: Excuse me, my order, please! How long do I have to wait for a cup of coffee?
kazuma: I'm terribly sorry! Aqua, if you've got a moment, 
kazuma: I could really use a hand right about now!
aqua: Leave it to me!
aqua: Sorry for the wait! This coffee is a special blend, small batch and barrel-roasted!
Customer B: Finally! ...Huh? This isn't coffee! It's a cup of hot water!
kazuma: That dunderhead! She purified the coffee!
Customer B: Is this some kind of joke?! I'm leaving. And there's no way I'm paying for this either.
kazuma: Well, it looks like we'll be closing for good soon.
Announcement: Emergency! Emergency!
ynyn_waitress: That alert can only mean one thing...
Announcement: A horde of undead has been spotted due north of here! It's headed straight toward Axel!
Announcement: All available adventurers, to arms! Assemble at the town gate immediately!
kazuma: Of all the days...!
Undead: Rrrrrrrrrgh!
megumin_waitress: Mwahahaha! You chose the wrong doorstep to defile, 
megumin_waitress: soulless fiends! Prepare to be blasted back into the abyss!
ynyn_waitress: M-Megumin, stop fidgeting, I might drop you.
kazuma: Bold words from someone too weak to stand up...
Undead: Rrrrrrrrrgh!
aqua: Hey, why are they all rushing toward me?! There are others here ripe for eating, y'know!
aqua: Aaaaaah! 
aqua: Kazumaaa! Save meee!
cecily_waitress: How dare they lay a hand on our glorious Lady Aqua! 
cecily_waitress: Those heretical roaches must be the execrated corpses of Eris followers!
Undead: Rrrrrrrrrgh!
darkness: Hold on, Aqua! We'll save you!
