Deadly Bunny - P2
megumin: EXPLOSION!!
questComplete: Kill Quest:
<size=100>Defeat Deadly Bunnies!</size>
<size=100>Defeat Deadly Bunnies!</size>
kazuma: Whew... That was too close.
wiz: Y-Yes... Thank you for saving me.
darkness: No, Wiz. Thank you. Getting buried in that horde of bunnies as they poked and pierced my skin...was delightful.
wiz: That wasn't supposed to happen. 
wiz: The instruction manual said that when you put the ears on, the bunnies will befriend you.
kazuma: Let me see that manual, Wiz.
wiz: Here you go.
kazuma: "Put on these bunny ears to make bunnies approach you in a friendly manner."
kazuma: Hm? There's some fine print written below...
kazuma: "Great love leads to even greater hate. 
kazuma: Therefore, there is a high probability 
kazuma: that they'll simply attack you instead."
kazuma: I knew this thing was a piece of junk!
Wearing it just causes those bunnies to attack you!
wiz: Whaaat?! 
wiz: I never even saw that warning!
aqua: Considering it's one of your items...
I just knew it'd backfire somehow.
wiz: Wh-what should I do? I thought these would be good items, so I purchased them in bulk...
wiz: Look at all of these! It's not just rabbit ears! I have dogs, cats, bears...
wiz: I bought all kinds of different ears. Vanir is going to be so mad at me!
megumin: Well, it really is your own fault.
darkness: All different kinds of ears?! S-so if I wear these bear ears...
darkness: a vicious bear might approach me?!
kazuma: Hey, Darkness. Do you really want that magic item, even if it's a total dud?
kazuma: Anyway, these things are way too dangerous, Wiz. You have to return them.
wiz: B-but...
kazuma: I'll explain everything to Vanir.
kazuma: It might not help much, but hearing from people who have experienced the item's effects can't hurt.
wiz: Thank you, Kazuma. I feel better already.\n
wiz: With you there, Vanir probably won't use his Death Ray...
banil: Vanir's Death Ray!
wiz: Waaaaaaaaah!
kazuma: I was right. It didn't help much at all.
banil: You miserable shopkeeper! Returns are not free, you know?! 
banil: There are the ridiculous fees and shipping charges...
wiz: Ooh... I'm sorry...
ナレーション: The stock was eventually returned, although it took a while for the freshly-charred Wiz to recover...
