A Great Wizard - P2
ナレーション: Together with Dust, the party defeated the monster...
luna: Thank you for taking care of that so quickly.
luna: And here's your reward for completing the quest.
dust: Man, that wasn't even that hard. Easy money!
kazuma: Hang on, Dust. Are you trying to keep it all?
dust: Well... yeah, you guys just came along as a favor, right?
aqua: He's right, but I still don't trust him.
megumin: Well, the important thing is we helped Rin.
darkness: Yes. The reward should be more than enough to save her.
dust: Yeah, you guys really came through!
dust: Hehe, they fell for all that Rin crap hook, line, and sinker. Time to go hit the casino!
dust: Okay, I'm going to go get Rin now—
lean: Um, I'm right here.
dust: ...Oh.
megumin: Hey, Rin! I'm so glad you're safe!
lean: Y-Yeah, thanks. Uh, what do you mean, "safe"?
aqua: Easy, Megumin. Even if she doesn't look hurt, she might still be in shock.
darkness: What did they do to you? Tell me everything!
lean: ...What are you talking about?
kazuma: You know, all those dangerous jobs you had to take on to pay off Dust's debts. Sounds like it sucked.
lean: Okay, hold on! What "dangerous jobs"? I don't even know what you're saying!
megumin: That's what Dust told us.
dust: Oh, this is bad...
lean: Hey, Dust, where do you think you're going?
dust: Uh, n-nowhere. Not... for any reason. Um, I, uh... I gotta pee!
lean: Hold it.
dust: But I'm going to pee my pants!
lean: I said hold it.
dust: Okay...
kazuma: All right, I get it now. He tricked us into getting him some gambling money.
aqua: I knew he was up to no good!
dust: Well, uh... Oh my god, Rin looks like she's gonna throw up! How about if we just call it a—
lean: Thanks for the concern, but I feel perfectly fine.
lean: And by the way, Dust... what WAS that "dangerous job" you were talking about?
dust: Um, well, it was...
lean: You just wanted to gamble, didn't you?
lean: If you've got money, you pay ME what you owe me first. Then you make it up to Kazuma's party.
dust: Rin, the look in your eyes is REALLY scaring me...
lean: Good! Oh, and if you don't pay me back...\n
lean: I'll FIND you a dangerous job, you got that?
dust: Somebody help meee!
ナレーション: Rin chased after her partymate like a ravenous demon. The next day, Dust toiled from dawn to dusk.
