ナレーション: One day, Kazuma brought Aqua and Arue to a small theater...
aqua: Hey, so why are we putting on a play again?
kazuma: Lia and the girls asked us to do something to fill in the schedule until their performance.
kazuma: We owe them big-time, so we've got to try and do something to repay our debt. 
kazuma: Otherwise, we're just asking for trouble.
arue: I see... So that's why you asked me to write the script.
kazuma: Sorry for springing this on you so suddenly.
arue: Don't worry, I'll take any chance to write that I can get. 
arue: Though, isn't it hard to put on a play with so few people?
kazuma: This is all I could manage on such short notice. So that's why I'll need you to play a part, too.
arue: So I'm forced to serve as both writer and actor...\n
arue: I don't mind that... I don't mind that at all!
kazuma: She's more into this than I expected... I guess it appeals to her desire to stand out in a crowd.
aqua: I'm against this. Art isn't something you perform at someone else's whim. I refuse to betray my artistic values!
kazuma: Please... Hey, how about we do this?\n
kazuma: We'll make the play about whatever you want!
aqua: Okay! I want it to be about a hero defeating the Devil King!
kazuma: Sucker...
arue: Okay, so it'll be a story about a hero rising up to defeat the Devil King.
kazuma: Yes, please.
aqua: Yes, yes, yes! Naturally, I'll play the role of the goddess!
arue: I don't think so.
arue: It's not realistic to have a goddess in a party of adventurers. Anything I write must be based in reality.
aqua: Hey, I'm a real, live goddess, you know!
arue: Well, if a party has an actual goddess in it, they'd easily be able to defeat the Devil King, right? 
arue: It's unrealistic!
aqua: Y-yeah, but...! But...!
kazuma: Normally, that'd be true. In fact, I even thought so myself at one time...
arue: The party in our story consists of the hero, a magician,\n
arue: and a flippant jester... You can play the hero, Kazuma.
kazuma: Sounds good. Kazuma the Hero... 
kazuma: I like the sound of that.
arue: I'll play the magician, so that means Aqua'll be playing\n
arue: the role of the flippant jester.
aqua: WHAT?!
arue: It's the perfect role for you. The character of the jester provides inspiration and support for the hero and magician!
kazuma: Provides inspiration and supports her friends... 
kazuma: Sounds just like a goddess to me!
aqua: A goddess... 
aqua: Yeah! A goddess is someone who helps people! 
aqua: I'll show you how to play the perfect jester!
kazuma: Like I said, she's a total sucker.
kazuma: I'll handle management and scheduling. I guess I also need to distribute tickets and start advertising...
aqua: Okay, I'll make the costumes. Stop by later and let me know what you've got in mind, Arue.
arue: Fine. I'll write the script and see what roles we need.\n
arue: But it really seems like we don't have enough people.
kazuma: I guess each of us will have to play two parts, since Megumin and Darkness aren't here to help.
kazuma: Come on everyone, let's get to work. We need to get on this so we can pay the girls back.
Aqua ＆ Arue: Sure thing!
ナレーション: A lone figure watched the three friends as they got to work...
？？？: Th-they're putting on a play? What should I do? I want to be in it too...
？？？: It seems like they don't have enough people. I'm sure they'd be happy to have me if I said I wanted to join.
？？？: If this goes well, we'll grow closer during the production and then throw a big wrap party, just like real friends!
？？？: Tomorrow, I'm going to work up the courage to ask them.
ナレーション: Kazuma and the others had no idea what this mysterious girl was planning behind the scenes...
