A Play for This Crimson Demon Author! - P6
Arue ＆ Yunyun: Light of Saber!
Ghost Armor: Grrrrrrrrr!
kazuma_actor: It stopped moving. Now's our chance!
aqua_actor: Leave it to me. Sacred Turn Undead!
Ghost Armor: Aaarggghhhhhh!
ナレーション: Aqua's magic sent the ghosts back to heaven in a pillar of intense light...
kazuma_actor: Phew... It wasn't as tough as the real Verdia, but that was still a difficult fight.
arue_actor: Fortunately for us, it was only made out of milk cartons.
ynyn_actor: It's all busted up. Does that mean they're just regular milk cartons again?
aqua_actor: *Sob* I worked so hard on that. It was my masterpiece...
kazuma_actor: Well, if you hadn't drawn those ghosts here, 
kazuma_actor: there wouldn't have been any need to destroy it.
Patron A: That was an amazing performance. Were those monsters real?
Patron B: No way, they'd never do something so dangerous just for a performance...
kazuma_actor: Oh no! I hope they don't ask for a refund 
kazuma_actor: because of what happened!
Patron C: Bravo!
kazuma_actor: Huh?
Patron A: That was amazing! It looked like a real battle!
Patron B: I was on the edge of my seat! I was so excited that I almost forgot to breathe!
Patron C: I'd definitely come see this play again!
kazuma_actor: A play? That was a real battle we fought! 
kazuma_actor: And the story turned into an absolute mess.
aqua_actor: Kazuma, this is a great opportunity for us! If we just gloss over what actually happened...
arue_actor: Yes, we can use this positive reaction from the crowd to bring the play to a close.
ynyn_actor: What?! Hold on, I didn't even get to say the line I spent so much time practicing!
kazuma_actor: Thank you! Thank you all so very much!
ynyn_actor: Hey, listen to me—
aqua_actor: What a response! Here's a Nature's Beauty as a thank you!
arue_actor: This script was written by the most buxom of the 
arue_actor: Crimson Demon Clan, as well as an aspiring author, Arue!
ynyn_actor: Ugh, seriously?! I practiced so hard!
ナレーション: Despite all the troubles they faced, Kazuma and the group successfully concluded the play.
kazuma: Hey, so the theater manager wanted a meeting with me. 
kazuma: He said that he definitely wants an encore performance.
kazuma: Apparently, he's been bombarded with questions about when the next performance will be.
aqua: Amazing! It was obviously due to my charm!
kazuma: It's not just your set design and acting. People really liked the story and wanted to see the ending.
arue: Hehe, that's good news for me as the playwright.
arue: Putting on a play was a lot of fun, wasn't it, Yunyun?
ynyn: ...
kazuma: Yunyun?
ynyn: I practiced my line so much, and I couldn't wait to perform on stage with my friends...
aqua: Hey, Kazuma. Does Yunyun seem upset about something?
kazuma: Well, we had to end things rather abruptly. I suppose she's disappointed she didn't get to say her line.
ynyn: Of course I am! 
ynyn: I wanted to show all of you just how hard I worked, and see how happy you'd be with my performance!
aqua: It's fine. People want to see us perform again.\n
aqua: You can put your practice to use then, right?
ynyn: Wait, really?
arue: It might not be a bad idea to change up the cast next time.
arue: In fact, why don't you play the hero, Yunyun?
ynyn: Wait, me? Play the hero?!
kazuma: Sounds good. And I can play the Devil King.
aqua: I'll be the princess, of course.
arue: I'll rework the script and play the Devil King's servant.
ynyn: Oh, that sounds like it'll be really fun... 
ynyn: Wait, what?
ynyn: That means I'm the only member of the hero's party!
arue: Hehe, that's enough joking around for now. I look forward to taking the stage together again.
arue: Well, I should be heading back to the village soon.\n
arue: Thanks to you, I've got the makings of a great novel.
ナレーション: With thoughts of the group once again performing on stage, Arue began work on her latest book...
