The Beautiful Priestess of the Shore - P2
Troll Warrior: A-Aaargh... 
aqua: That takes care of that. Hehe, now do you understand my powers as a goddess?
cecily_swimwear: You truly are the goddess of water, Lady Aqua!
aqua: Indeed I am. I'm glad you've finally seen the light.
kazuma: She gets awfully full of herself whenever she's finally treated like a goddess.
darkness: Hey Kazuma, Cecily seems to be obsessed with Aqua.\n
darkness: Is it safe to leave them together?
megumin: Yeah, Aqua really seems to think that she's a goddess. Shouldn't we tell her the truth?
kazuma: Hm, maybe...
aqua: Okay, Nature's Beauty!
cecily_swimwear: Woooooow! 
cecily_swimwear: How amazing! This truly is the blessed holy water of a goddess!
kazuma: Well, I don't see any harm in it. No reason not to let them be.
megumin: I suppose that's true. If she knew Aqua wasn't a goddess,\n
megumin: Cecily might pester us to join the Order of Axis instead.
darkness: Hmm. As a follower of Eris, I'm more interested in what insults she might hurl at me. 
darkness: Just the thought of it is exciting.
kazuma: It's safe to say you're the only one who thinks that.
kazuma: Well, we did what we came to do, so let's go home.
cecily_swimwear: Wait! We came all the way to the beach, and you want to go back already?!
cecily_swimwear: You shall face the wrath of the goddess of water! Isn't that right, Lady Aqua?
aqua: Huh? Oh, I don't really mind. 
aqua: It's hot here, and I don't have a swimsuit.
cecily_swimwear: That's no problem at all. Hold on...
cecily_swimwear: Okay, just wrap this seaweed on yourself and you've got yourself a swimsuit!
megumin: U-um... You can't make a proper swimsuit 
megumin: out of something like that!
cecily_swimwear: You too, Darkness. Take off that 
cecily_swimwear: heavy armor...
darkness: S-stop that... 
darkness: Wrapping one's body in that slimy stuff\n
darkness: is unbecoming of a knight!
aqua: Seaweed swimsuits... That's actually not the worst idea.
kazuma: I don't know about all that, but I'm 
kazuma: interested in seeing more.
cecily_swimwear: It's nice and cool in the water. Going swimming is a summertime tradition!
cecily_swimwear: We can swim all day, and then fish when we're tired.\n
cecily_swimwear: Kazuma, you can use the Tinder skill, right?
cecily_swimwear: We can cook the fish we catch! Then we'll sing songs by the campfire! 
cecily_swimwear: It'll be lovely!
megumin: Well, swimsuits aside, 
megumin: the rest of that does sound fun.
cecily_swimwear: I know, right? This'll be a memory we'll never forget.\n
cecily_swimwear: And in the end, you can sign up to join my faith!
kazuma: Yeah, that's not gonna happen. We have to get back 
kazuma: and report on the quest. Let's go.
cecily_swimwear: What?! 
cecily_swimwear: Y-you have to join!
ナレーション: The application for the Order of Axis that Cecily etched in the sand washed away before anyone read it...
