luna: Trolls are attacking again. Kazuma, I'd like to—
kazuma: No.
luna: Um, since you've defeated so many trolls, I would ask the fine adventurer Kazuma to take this quest and—
kazuma: No! The last thing I want to do at the height of summer is deal with a bunch of fat, sweaty trolls.
luna: That is rather unfortunate... 
luna: I've heard these trolls are after Axel Hearts...
kazuma: Ugh... That means that Daniel is behind this. 
kazuma: Well, since I'm their producer...
kazuma: Fine. I'll take the job.
luna: Thank you so much! The trolls have been sighted 
luna: near the beach...
？？？: The beach?
kazuma: The guild will need to provide us with a wagon.
cecily: Wait! Please save a spot for me on that wagon!
kazuma: Cecily? What are you doing here?
cecily: I want to help you with this quest. 
cecily: Please take me! It'll be useful to have a priest!
ナレーション: After a long wagon ride, the group finally arrived at the beach.
kazuma: Well, here we are.
aqua: Ahh, the shining sun! The sound of crashing waves! 
aqua: Yep, this is summer!
megumin: It's so hot. I can't believe I came to the beach dressed like this...
darkness: We don't have a choice. We're here to kill some trolls.
kazuma: Exactly. We didn't come here for fun—
？？？: Hey, everybody! Why the long faces? Over here, quickly!
kazuma: What's with the swimsuit? Why are you playing in the water?
cecily: Oh ho? Are you excited to see me like this?
kazuma: Not at all! I think dumbfounded is a better word for it.
aqua: Aw, how nice. I wish I brought a swimsuit too.
darkness: That swimsuit is so shameful... If I were to wear something like that, all the men would— Ah!
cecily: Let's all have some fun!
megumin: We can do that after we've finished this quest. 
megumin: First, we have to drive off these trolls.
cecily_swimwear: Oh Megumin, you're always so serious. 
cecily_swimwear: But that is quite endearing.
darkness: At any rate, are there actually any trolls here?
kazuma: The guild receptionist told me that these trolls are after Axel Hearts, but...
aqua: Could this be some kind of mistake? The idea that a group of trolls after Axel Hearts would be here is—
Troll Warrior: Ugh... It's so hot...
Troll B: Ain't no way I can work in this heat...
Troll C: Yer right. So hot... All right, let's go swimming again!
Kazuma, Megumin & Darkness: Whoa...
aqua: So they are here. But they don't seem to be here for work.
cecily_swimwear: Hey, trolls! You can't just hog the whole beach!
Trolls: Rrraaauuuggghhh!
aqua: Well, they were calm. Now they're not.
cecily_swimwear: Don't tell me the trolls are excited by my swimsuit?!
kazuma: Yeah, I doubt that.
ナレーション: Surprised by Cecily's ignorance, the group prepared to fight as the trolls closed in...
