A Cafe for This Troubled Axis Follower! - P6
ynyn_waitress: Light of Saber!
ナレーション: The undead horde pressed against the gates of Axel. Kazuma and the others fought desperately to save the town.
Undead: Rrrrrrrrrgh!
kazuma: Dammit, they're like weeds. For every one we cut down,
kazuma: there are ten more to take its place!
darkness: I'll handle this! Come, you rowdy hellspawn!
darkness: Swarm me, you filthy, writhing horde!
kazuma: Idiot, do you have a death wish?! Not even you have a chance against this many!
aqua: At least not without the help of a goddess! Sacred Highne— 
aqua: Aaaaaaaaah!
Undead: Rrrrrrrrrgh!
aqua: Hey, back off! Can't you see I'm casting a spell?! Wait 'till I'm done like a good little— 
aqua: Ack! 
aqua: Kazumaaa!
kazuma: What did you think would happen? Don't you ever learn your lesson?! Sheesh!
cecily_waitress: Okay, you ghoulish gutter trash! You asked for it!
Undead: Hraaaaaaggghhh!
Adventurer A: Look! She's taking out those undead with just water! Who is that?
Adventurer B: She's the waitress from that cafe! I bet there's something special about the water in those vials!
Adventurer C: Isn't that the holy water they were selling at the cafe?
cecily_waitress: Hehehe! This is special holy water, blessed by the goddess of water herself!
kazuma: Oh, you mean that stuff that nobody wanted to buy?
cecily_waitress: That's right! Lady Aqua must have known we would need it for this very reason! That's why it wasn't selling!
darkness: I never expected to be crushed by a mob of undead like this! 
darkness: How exciting!
kazuma: All right, everyone! Drown them in holy water!
kazuma: Can you handle that with the power of my Drain Touch, Megumin?
megumin_waitress: Of course I can! Let us send those stuck between life and death back to the underworld, 
megumin_waitress: where they belong!
cecily_waitress: I give you the blessing of the Order of Axis. 
cecily_waitress: Take that!
Undead: Hraaaaaaggghhh!
Adventurer A: Wow! Look at them vanish before our very eyes!
Adventurer B: Amazing! That would be a godsend on quests!
kazuma: Now, Aqua! One last shot should finish them off!
aqua: *Pant pant* 
aqua: This sucks. How dare a bunch of lowly undead 
aqua: chase around a goddess like that!
aqua: Time to send you to the afterlife! Sacred Highness Exorcism!
Undead: Hraaaaaaggghhh!
aqua: And take this too, for good measure! 
aqua: God Requiem!
cecily: Thank you so much for your help, everyone! 
cecily: It looks like your efforts are going to save the church.
kazuma: I was worried there for a bit, 
kazuma: but everything worked out. I never expected that holy water to be such a hit, honestly.
aqua: Word traveled fast after that attack. Everyone's talking about how it can save you from the undead.
aqua: I guess we should be thankful they attacked when they did.
darkness: It was quite a satisfying experience for me, as well. 
darkness: I've never been surrounded by undead like that before...
megumin: I'm glad I was able to repay my debt to the Order of Axis.
cecily: I believe the rate was 30 percent, yes? I decided to add a little something extra for your hard work.
kazuma: Nice!
cecily: Here you are. Thirty percent of the profits, and a catalog 
cecily: for our line of Order of Axis products!
cecily: Soap, detergent, pots, health food...everything you need to live comfortably! And all half-off for a limited time only!
kazuma: Hragh!
cecily: Ah! What are you doing to our precious catalog?
ynyn: Um, I was hoping that I could ask a small favor, 
ynyn: in exchange for assisting you these past few days...
megumin: A favor?
ynyn: Well, you see... 
ynyn: I've always dreamed of having tea with a friend in a fancy cafe! Megumin, would you join me?
aqua: Is it just me, or is that a little sad?
kazuma: Sounds like a simple enough request, 
kazuma: Megumin.
megumin: *Sigh* Fine. One cup of tea and we're done, right?
ynyn: Th-Thanks...
megumin: *Glug glug glug*
ynyn: Ah! You're not supposed to drink it that fast!
megumin: Ahh! That was pretty good. Now that that's taken care of, what say we head home?
ynyn: *Sob* I so wanted to enjoy a cup of tea with a friend...
megumin: We can have tea any time, you know.
ynyn: Do you mean it...?
megumin: Of course. We're friends, aren't we? Well, I need to get going. Can you take care of the check?
ynyn: Huh? The check...?
cecily: Only employees get free food and drink. Since you no longer work here, I'm going to have to insist you pay.
ナレーション: The earnings from Aqua's holy water were enough to complete the repairs, and it was sold as a souvenir from then on...
