Thief Hunting - P2
Troll: Grrrrrrrrr...
kazuma: He's the last one. Let's finish this!
lean: Wait, we have to capture it alive!\n
lean: It's the only way we can prove Dust's innocence!
lean: Time to capture the real criminal!
megumin: Rin, use this rope. Then we can take it to the guild!
kazuma: That should be enough to free Dust and wrap this case up.
aqua: Still, we can't let Daniel get away with something like this...using his trolls for such a dastardly act.
darkness: Agreed. If he's going to cause trouble for these innocent women, then he should try taking it out on me instead!
kazuma: Wait a minute... Are you jealous that those women had their underwear stolen?
darkness: O-of course not.
lean: What?! Why not?
luna: I'm sorry. I hear what you're saying, but Dust cannot be released at this time.
darkness: If her testimony is disallowed because she's his partymate, I can testify on his behalf. Dust is innocent.
aqua: Exactly! We brought you the real criminal!
luna: Now I get it... So you're the real criminal, Kazuma?
kazuma: No! It's not me, it's this troll behind me!\n
kazuma: It's even holding underwear!
luna: Ah, now I see. Sorry, it was an honest mistake.
kazuma: Also, is that what you really think of me?
megumin: Take a look in the mirror. It's pretty obvious why.
lean: Why won't you let him go, even with all of this evidence?
luna: Well, I'm afraid there are a variety of reasons...
lean: Reasons? Plural?
lean: You here, Dust?
dust: Is that you, Rin? You came for me?\n
dust: Has my name finally been cleared?
lean: You look like you're enjoying it here.
dust: No, I'm not! 
dust: I was totally bored out of my mind!
dust: I'd understand if this was about the fights I'm always getting into, but I'm truly innocent this time!
dust: Hm? Why are Kazuma and his party with you?\n
dust: Wait, don't tell me he's the real culprit.
kazuma: No, dammit! I actually helped capture the real criminal so we could free you.
megumin: *Sigh* Obnoxious as always...
lean: It'd be fine if he was just obnoxious... This guy's unbelievable.
dust: I see. Sorry about that. Thanks for the help, pal.\n
dust: Okay, get me out of here and let's go eat.
lean: Unfortunately, you can't leave here today.
dust: Huh? That doesn't make any sense! Why not?!
aqua: Maybe you should stop and think about it for a second.
luna: It's true that you caught the panty thief, but Dust's facing many charges: dining and dashing, unpaid bills...
luna: Not to mention numerous harassment complaints... We can't release him until we hear from all these witnesses.
darkness: So it seems the police put out a warrant for your arrest.
dust: U-um, those are all...false charges...
aqua: You're lying. Your face says it all.
megumin: We exonerated you from one of your crimes, but that was just a drop in the bucket.
darkness: Yeah, you're about as pathetic as Kazutrash, in the end.
kazuma: Hey, I haven't done anything nearly as bad as Dust here! 
kazuma: And wait, what did you just call me?
lean: So, it looks like you'll be eating cold meals and reflecting on your misdeeds for...some time.
dust: Hey! Rin, please wait! Come back, Kazuma! I thought we were best friends!
kazuma: No, not really.
lean: I told them to not bother letting you out until you've really promised to change your ways.
lean: Okay, everyone! It's time to go. 
lean: Today's been a tough one, so let's get out of here and relax.\n
lean: Ahaha...
dust: Rin! You can't leave me like this! You've gotta come back! 
dust: Pretty pleaaaaaase!
kazuma: Wow, I guess Rin has it pretty rough, too.
ナレーション: Kazuma felt bad for Rin, so he decided to treat her to dinner as they all partied late into the night...
