Midlevel Bane - P2
Midlevel Bane: Graaaaaah!
ナレーション: All was quiet after the midlevel bane was defeated...
megumin: It's finally over... We managed to outlast the pack somehow.
darkness: If we leave now, we won't get back to Axel until late.\n
darkness: I think it'd be better to set up camp here.
cielo: Are you worried about me? If that's it, I'll be fine.\n
cielo: I can still walk...
kazuma: No, that's not it. For some reason, our party always gets attacked by the undead at night. 
kazuma: Whose fault could that be?
aqua: Hey, I can't help that! My holy aura refuses to be hidden!
kazuma: So we'll camp here. Plus, I bet you're hungry, Cielo.
cielo: Y-yes, I am... All that action has me kinda peckish.
aqua: Perfect! Let's start with some snacks and bottles of bubbly!
kazuma: Yeah, yeah...
questComplete: Kill Quest:
Hunt Beginner's Banes
Completed
megumin: Ahh... That was really good.
darkness: It's nice to eat outside like this once in a while.
kazuma: Well, we did get attacked by undead twice while eating... 
kazuma: I wonder whose fault that was?
aqua: W-we're on a kill quest, aren't we?\n
aqua: We should expect to be attacked by monsters!
kazuma: How dare she try and turn this back on me...
cielo: You all seem like such good friends.
megumin: We've been traveling together for a long time now. Don't you Axel Hearts ladies get along pretty well?
darkness: That reminds me, you said you're using your earnings to buy a present for Lia and Erika, right?
cielo: Yes, Lia likes throat care products because she's a singer, so I thought that might be good for her...
cielo: And Erika likes things that are cute, so I was thinking about a ribbon or some other accessory.
aqua: You're such a good friend for always thinking of them.
cielo: I actually wanted to do something for all of you guys too, for helping me out so much...
kazuma: You don't need to give us anything... 
kazuma: But I'll take it! Something useful, if you please!
cielo: Um, I wasn't thinking of a present, but of repaying you with one of my talents.
darkness: You mean with your body?! 
darkness: This isn't how I envisioned the night turning out...
cielo: Th-that's not what I mean!
cielo: M-my main skill is dancing. So if it's okay with you, I'd like to put on a performance.
aqua: Oh, that sounds nice! Please do!
cielo: Okay, here it goes... I hope you all enjoy it.
cielo: Thank you... Each and every one of you!
megumin: Ooh... This is really splendid.
darkness: Maybe it's a trick of the moonlight, but Cielo looks much more mature than usual.
aqua: I've got a few tricks up my sleeve as well! Nature's Beauty!
kazuma: Wow, look how it sparkles! You can be quite impressive sometimes, Aqua. This is nice.
megumin: Normally, you'd have to pay to see a dance like this. But this special performance is just for the four of us.
darkness: Cielo is showing us her gratitude, but I think we should be the ones thanking her.
ナレーション: Everyone clapped along to Cielo's dancing with beaming smiles as they whiled the night away...
