A Cafe for This Troubled Axis Follower! - P3
ナレーション: Hoping to revitalize the cafe and repair the aging Axis church building, Kazuma and friends shifted into action—
darkness: It's our grand reopening! Join the celebration with these special coupons! You won't regret it!
Bystander: Oh? Is that the cafe near the Axis church?
darkness: Yes, we're reopening tomorrow, with a brand new menu! Please drop by and see us.
Bystander: I don't know... They say that place is Order-owned. Makes things a little uncomfortable, don't you think?
darkness: O-Oh? I wouldn't listen to such rumors. I guarantee that 
darkness: you'll love the revamped atmosphere.
Bystander: Really? But aren't they infamous for their coercive recruitment schemes? Not exactly a place you can just walk into...
darkness: Oh, but it is, I assure you! Muster the courage and you'll be pleasantly surprised. I speak from experience!
darkness: I've had stones thrown at me, and even been fed hay... Their methods of degradation are quite creative! 
darkness: Ohhh...!
Bystander: Sorry, I just remembered I have something urgent to do. Thanks and bye!
darkness: Hey, wait! 
darkness: ...This is harder than I thought.
aqua: *Sigh* I've been purifying water for hours now... 
aqua: Can we take a break already?
kazuma: Tomorrow's our grand reopening. We're not going to make it by slacking off!
aqua: Huh? *Sniff sniff* Ooh, something smells 
aqua: awfully good! Whatcha cooking over there, Kazuma?
kazuma: Yakisoba. It was a big hit at the beach.
kazuma: To the people of this world, yakisoba sauce is an exotic condiment. The smell's sure to bring people running.
aqua: I think you're on to something. This aroma is irresistible.
kazuma: I wanted to get in some practice before tomorrow. 
kazuma: *Munch* 
kazuma: It could use a bit more aonori and a dash of oyster sauce...
aqua: Hey, I want some! Give me a bite too!
kazuma: Sure...after five dozen more bottles of holy water. Deal?
aqua: That's a trifling task for the goddess of water! Watch this!
ynyn_waitress: Megumin? Do we really have to wear these things?
megumin_waitress: You've already got it on! Just roll with it, okay? Kazuma? We've changed.
cecily_waitress: Priestess, waitress—I can pull off any look! Now even more 
cecily_waitress: men will be captivated by my 
cecily_waitress: sinful beauty.
kazuma: Wow. I had my doubts, Cecily, but you did well.
kazuma: All three of you nailed the look. If this doesn't bring in 
kazuma: more customers, I don't know what will.
ynyn_waitress: I think my uniform's a little tight compared to Megumin's...
megumin_waitress: Hey! What are you trying to say?
megumin_waitress: ...Well, since this is for Cecily, I guess I can afford to let some things slide.
kazuma: Hey, you mentioned being in debt to the Order before. 
kazuma: How exactly did they help you?
megumin_waitress: When I first left my village, it took me a long time to find people to 
megumin_waitress: party up with. On my way to Axel, I got stuck in Arcanretia.
cecily_waitress: That was when we met! I remember it like yesterday.
cecily_waitress: I was running from a rabble of frenzied Eris riffraff when 
cecily_waitress: Megumin swooped in to save me.
megumin_waitress: I wouldn't be surprised if Cecily had provoked them, but whatever the case, 
megumin_waitress: I couldn't let them harm her.
cecily_waitress: Oh, don't act so aloof. I remember how many stray sheep joined the Axis flock thanks to the Crimson Demon's famous repartee.
kazuma: You helped her recruit people? I have no words, Megumin...
megumin_waitress: D-Don't get the wrong idea! I simply repaid her for 
megumin_waitress: providing me food and lodging, that's all.
megumin_waitress: I couldn't hold a job for the life of me, and every day was a struggle to survive.
megumin_waitress: But thanks to the Order, I met that man in the ridiculous hat. That's when everything started turning around for me.
cecily_waitress: Ahem. You are referring to the Order of Axis's guiding light—Supreme Pontiff Zesta.
megumin_waitress: Yeah! Zesta gave me the carriage fare 
megumin_waitress: I needed to get to Axel.
aqua: Wow. Who would've guessed you and the Order of Axis shared such a storied past.
aqua: My followers may not be very popular among secular folk, 
aqua: but they really are such sweet little lambs.
megumin_waitress: Well, the "Supreme Pontiff" was supremely nutty. But given the people he leads, no surprises there.
kazuma: Still, you must be grateful for his help.
megumin_waitress: Yeah, I am. That's why I'm here, wearing this ridiculous uniform.
kazuma: Okay, gang! We've got a cafe to run, a roof to fix, and a debt to repay!
megumin_waitress: K-Kazuma...
kazuma: Oh, and Cecily... Regarding my remuneration, thirty percent 
kazuma: of the profits will do just fine!
cecily_waitress: Fine, so long as we have enough money to fix the roof!
megumin_waitress: *Sigh* You sounded pretty reliable for a second there.
