Amy: Good afternoon!
kazuma: Amy? What brings you here—? Huh? 
kazuma: What's with the giant wagon?
Amy: I brought a whole load of cakes. I was hoping for a little help with something.
darkness: Wow, you brought so many kinds! Cheesecake, chocolate cake... 
megumin_lightcloth: What do you need help with, Amy?
Amy: Well, you see... Ever since the Christmas party, I've been having a little trouble with Mia...
Amy: Mia, I baked you a cake for a snack!
miia: Hooray! I'll have some now! 
miia: Mmm! So yummy!
Amy: Hehe, I'm happy you like it. I think this is the best cake I've managed to bake.
miia: Definitely! It's almost as yummy as the one I had 
miia: at Kazuma's Christmas party! *Chomp chomp chomp*
Amy: Eh? 
Amy: ...It's not the best?
Amy: I've tried so many times now, but Mia's right. I simply 
Amy: can't bake a cake as good as the one you made.
megumin_lightcloth: The cake Kazuma and Aqua made certainly was exceptional.
Amy: That's why I was hoping you could try my cakes. I'm determined to bake one that'll become Mia's new favorite!
kazuma: I wish Mia would stop comparing things like that. 
kazuma: But since you're already here with these cakes...
Everyone: We'd be happy to eat them!
megumin_lightcloth: This one is really sweet! It's so good!
darkness: I agree. I'm sure Mia would like it too.
aqua: Hm... You're not wrong, but compared to the Christmas cake, I feel like it's missing something.
Amy: It's missing something? 
Amy: Oh, what am I going to do?!
kazuma: I think it's tasty, but if you're aiming for Mia's number one, 
kazuma: why not try adding something she really likes?
Amy: Something Mia really likes? But she always justs says that she likes whatever I make for her...
darkness: I have an idea. I heard there was a recent outbreak of mangoes in the forest. How about adding some fresh mango?
darkness: Besides, I've heard that these ones are especially juicy, so 
darkness: their quick attacks hit extra hard!
kazuma: ...You just want to get attacked by them.
darkness: Th-That's not why I mentioned it!
aqua: I think baking a cake with fresh mango is a great idea.
Amy: I agree. Adding fresh mango might just be enough to create Mia's 
Amy: new favorite cake!
kazuma: That settles it, then. And as thanks for the cakes, we'll help you harvest the mangoes.
Amy: Thank you, everyone!
Mangoes: Ma-ma-mangooo!
darkness: Aaa
darkness: aaahhh!!! 
darkness: Ungh!
kazuma: These mangoes are quick! And they hit harder than I expected!
megumin: The more agile the mango, the sweeter it is. 
megumin: I think we can expect some good flavor out of these.
Amy: You look delicious, mangoes. You'd better prepare yourselves, 
Amy: because I'm going to catch every last one of you!
aqua: Amy seems way more determined than usual.
Mangoes: Ma-mangooo...
kazuma: They're starting to weaken! Now's our chance!
megumin: Kazuma, wait! There's something coming this way!
squall: I just can't seem to lose 'em... 
squall: Huh? What the—?!
kazuma: Squall?! What are you doing here?
Blood Fang: Awooo!
Amy: That was a Blood Fang's howl! It's nearby, too!
aqua: You attracted yet another pack of monsters? 
aqua: Can you stop getting us involved?!
Blood Fang: Grrrrrrrrr!
squall: I was hoping to avoid a fight, 
squall: but I suppose I have no choice.
kazuma: Blast! Oh well, we'll give you a hand! 
kazuma: Everyone, group together!
Amy: Oh no! The mangoes are escaping! 
Amy: We must go after them!
kazuma: Amy, wait! 
kazuma: We need to take care of these guys first!
