The Succubus's Proposal - P2
dust: Now for the finishing blow!
Blood Fang: Rrraaawwwrrr...
aqua: Wow, you two. I've never seen you fight so hard.
kazuma: Y-You think so? 
kazuma: We're just doing our job.
darkness: She's right. You both seem much more...motivated than usual.
megumin: What was that about 
megumin: your elite package service?
dust: Wh-What's with all the questions?! 
dust: What's wrong with wanting to
dust: protect our beautiful town of Axel?! 
megumin: They're definitely up to something.
aqua: Oh, who cares. Let's go claim our reward! With how many we
aqua: defeated, we'll be able to feast like royalty tonight!
kazuma: Actually, Dust and I have a prior engagement. Feel free to
kazuma: split the reward without us.
aqua: All right, we'll— Wait, what?! 
aqua: You don't want your reward?
dust: Our reward is knowing that 
dust: the people of Axel are safe for another night!
kazuma: We're going to pass on the festivities as well. 
kazuma: That fighting was exhausting, so it's an early night for us! See ya!
darkness: What's going on with those two?
Aqua, Megumin, Darkness: They're definitely up to something.
kazuma: ...And then I dodged just in time to deal a devastating counter!
dust: Which created an opening for me to charge in and deal the finishing blow to their leader!
Succubus: Yes, I heard you two put on quite the show out there.
kazuma: You did? Who told you?
Succubus: Another adventurer, who recently came into a small fortune. He's been frequenting our establishment.
Succubus: He ran to help when he heard the emergency broadcast, and I was worried he might get hurt and stop coming by. That's why I asked you two to go fight.
kazuma: Wait. Are you saying you just didn't want to lose some rich guy's business?!
dust: How dare you play with a man's heart like this! Was 
dust: the exclusive, elite package service a lie?!
Succubus: Of course not. You may use your coupons to claim the service whenever you wish.
dust: Phew. Don't scare me like that. 
dust: We'd like to use them now!
Succubus: I'm terribly sorry, gentlemen, but all of our succubi are booked for the evening.
Succubus: We apologize for the inconvenience, but we're going to have to ask you return another day.
dust: Wh-What?! Are you serious? 
dust: B-But these coupons...
Succubus: Oh dear. It appears these expire tomorrow.
Succubus: I'm afraid that without a valid coupon, you will be unable to claim the elite package service...
dust: What?! Are you joking?!
kazuma: After all that work killing monsters... This isn't fair!
dust: Our coupons... The elite package service... 
dust: My dreams...
kazuma: Dust! Pull yourself together! Dust? Hey!
ナレーション: With the elite package service unattainable, and having forsaken the quest reward, Dust was overwhelmed with grief and fainted.
