Deadly Bunny - P2
darkness: Now, let's see how you like the taste of steel! 
darkness: Hrah!
Deadly Bunny: ... *Squeak*?
aqua: Um, Darkness? You missed. By a lot.
aqua: Get it together!
darkness: Grrr! The nimble fiend!
kazuma: Nimble? That thing's slower than molasses!
megumin: Wanna go boom. Wanna go boom. Please, oh please, lemme go boom!
kazuma: None of that! Not yet! We have to draw 'em out.
ナレーション: As our heroes battled their furry foes, Arue observed the fray from the sidelines...
arue: Interesting. I can work with this.
kazuma: *Pant pant* 
kazuma: Good... They're all bunched up! 
kazuma: Let it rip, Megumin!
megumin: For your misdeeds, brazen and brash, the crimson destroyer 
megumin: shall turn you to ash... EXPLOSION!!!
kazuma: And that's a wrap.
arue: Thanks. I owe you my life.
aqua: Hold on a sec while I untie you.
arue: I appreciate the sentiment, but I was never actually bound to begin with.
aqua: Huh? So you were faking being tied up?
arue: I'd call it... "Experiencing" being tied up. All for my novel, of course! A princess, imprisoned by monsters...
arue: A brave hero, determined to save her... I just had to know what it felt like! So thanks for the rescue, my white knights.
kazuma: You've got to be kidding me! 
kazuma: We risked life and limb for you, ya know?
arue: Mind doing it again? I have one more scenario in 
arue: mind. This time, the monsters make off with me!
kazuma: Uh, the monsters are crispy, blackened husks.
arue: Oh, not to worry. I have a potion that will bring more of 
arue: them running in droves.
kazuma: Hey, I know you're a master of advanced magic and all that, but play with fire and you're gonna get—
darkness: I volunteer myself for the bonda—er, to be bound! 
darkness: Observe me all you like!
arue: All right.
kazuma: No, not all right! C'mon, everyone—we're leaving!
arue: That's a shame. Ah well, there's always next time.
ナレーション: Arue never did mend her ways, continuing to satisfy her authorial whims at the expense of Kazuma and friends...
