Blood Fang Attack! A Knight's Duty - P2
kazuma: *Pant pant*
kazuma: I think that's most of them.
aqua: Look! Darkness is still in trouble!
darkness: G-Get off me!!
megumin: Kazuma, hurry! Darkness needs our help!
kazuma: Actually, from the sound of it...
darkness: S-Stay back! I'm the one who accepted this quest, so it's my responsibility to 
darkness: hold them off!
Blood Fang: Graaaaaah!
darkness: Aaa
darkness: aaaaaagh!!
megumin: Darkness, I'm on my way!
darkness: P-Please, stay out of this!
darkness: It's just starting to get good!
kazuma: I knew it...
Blood Fang: Grrrrrrrrr...
darkness: I-Is that all you've got?! Your fangs and your claws have yet to even pierce my skin!
Blood Fang: Graaaaaah!
darkness: Aaaaaaugh! That's more like it! You're still only damaging my armor, though...
darkness: I see what you're trying to do! You plan to rip my clothes to shreds and expose me, you filthy monster!
Blood Fang: *Whine*
kazuma: You're starting to make even the monsters uncomfortable!
kazuma: Just leave it at that and get out of there already! 
kazuma: Megumin's gonna explode!
darkness: Rngh! I will not back down!
darkness: You can blow me up as well, I won’t mind! 
darkness: In fact, it's been too long as it is!
kazuma: Will you listen to me already, you idiot?!
darkness: Oh, Kazuma!
darkness: You're being so rough!
kazuma: All right, Megumin! Let ‘em have it!
megumin: Okay, here we go! 
megumin: Explosion!!
luna: Thank you all so much for your help.
megumin: Those monsters were no match for my explosion magic.
kazuma: We defeated all the monsters we saw, but some may have survived.
luna: Right. I’ll send an alert just to be safe.
darkness: *Sigh*
kazuma: What's wrong, Darkness? Something bothering you?
darkness: I’m just hoping we get to see those beasts again someday.
kazuma: You're definitely the only one hoping for that. 
kazuma: If we never see them again, it'll be too soon!
ナレーション: Kazuma's earnest wish would not come true, however, as the Blood Fangs would eventually attack again...
