God's Blessing on Those from Re:ZERO! - P3
aqua: Nature's Beauty!
emilia: Wow, that's amazing, Aqua!
aqua: True art is performed spontaneously, when the artist's soul 
aqua: is aroused! Please, consider this my apology!
subaru: It doesn't look to me like she's the least bit sorry... 
subaru: But I guess Mili is happy, so I'll let it go.
rem: Simply knowing the cause of all this is quite helpful. It will make devising a strategy much easier.
pack: The first order of business for finding a way home is locating this rainbow giant toad again.
darkness: Yeah, we'll help you track down any leads.
megumin: Rainbow or not, no giant toad is a match for my explosion magic! 
megumin: I’ll make quick work of it!
kazuma: No, we have to capture it this time! Then we can 
kazuma: have it eat Subaru and the others so they can get home!
emilia: So where exactly do we go to gather information?
kazuma: When you need information, the guild is the place to go.
emilia: A..."guild"? Do you know what that is, Subaru?
subaru: Of course. It's like a rule that worlds like this have one. 
subaru: It's been a while since I've talked about stuff like this, though.
kazuma: Same here. Man, it's kind of nice to meet another Japanese guy who's been sent to another world.
pack: This is such a nice town! Everyone seems quite happy here, and the food is extremely delicious, too.
darkness: That's not just because of the ingredients, though. 
darkness: Rem is quite the cook. Seriously, that meal was amazing.
rem: You honor me with your kind words, Lady Darkness.
kazuma: I take it all back. Subaru is surrounded by a beautiful princess and a cute maid, when all I get are weirdos!
kazuma: We were both sent to strange worlds! How is this fair?!
luna: As far as I know, we haven't received any reports of a rainbow giant toad.
luna: I had no idea you ran into such trouble. I do feel somewhat responsible for recommending the quest to you, but...
luna: I'm afraid that, since you let the giant toad escape, you will be held liable for any damages it may cause.
kazuma: Yeah, I should have expected as much.
megumin: There's no use complaining, since we’re at fault.
aqua: That's right. We'll just have to catch it before it can cause any harm! Good luck, Kazuma!
kazuma: Hey, stop pretending that you're not involved here. You two are the ones at fault, remember?
subaru: Looks like Kazuma's got it pretty rough, too.
lean: Excuse me, is there a priest here?! Something is wrong 
lean: with one of our party members...
dust: Ngh... Aaah...
darkness: Dust? He seems to be only partially conscious. 
darkness: What happened to him?
lean: I'm not exactly sure myself.
lean: He's been like this ever since we came across that strange green-haired man on our quest 
lean: near a cave by Arcanretia.
dust: Ungh... My brain... My brain...!
emilia: He looks like he's in a lot of pain. Are you okay?
rem: Be careful. I can sense a witch's lingering scent on him.
pack: The witch's scent, combined with 
pack: these strange symptoms... Could it be the Witch Cult?
megumin: The Witch Cult? I've never heard of that,
megumin: but the name has a nice ring to it! Almost as good as the Crimson Demon Clan.
subaru: A nice ring to it? Sounds more like the name of a shady religious group to me.
kazuma: Just ignore her. She's got strange taste in names.
lean: I wonder who that man was... He had some weird-looking 
lean: giant toad with him, too.
subaru: That toad didn't happen to be rainbow-colored, did it?
lean: How did you know? I was just thinking, I've never seen one that color before.
emilia: Excuse me, but would you mind telling us exactly where you were when you saw the rainbow toad?
