At Home with These Pumpkins!  - P6
Pumpkin Pillar: Wh-What is this...?
darkness: All right, pumpkins! You'll have to get through me!
iris_halloween: Lalatina, wait. The pumpkins are acting strange...
ナレーション: After a few moments, the pumpkins began to relax.
Pumpkin Pillar: Not bad... These pack quite the kick. We can feel it in the back of our heads! We could get used to this!
ynyn_halloween: S-So they like it?
megumin: Seems that way. I feel like they're actually...smiling.
Pumpkin Pillar: Do we detect a subtle hint of nutmeg? The flour you used is top-quality, too. Perhaps sourced from Samuidoh?
aqua_halloween: Wow, they sure know their food.
Pumpkin Pillar: You will give us more!
Pumpkin Pillar: We couldn't possibly eat another bite... Pum-pum-pumpkin...
aqua_halloween: That was quite an appetite. So, what did you think?
Pumpkin Pillar: We are extremely satisfied with your tasty offering.
kazuma_halloween: So, you mean...
Pumpkin Pillar: Yes. As per our agreement, we shall not attack your town.
Adventurer A: YEEEAAAHHH!! Kazuma did it! He's chased off those pumpkins for good!
Adventurer B: Kazuma the Pumpkin Slayer! Kazuma the Pumpkin Slayer!!
kazuma_halloween: Please don't call me that. It sounds lame.
Pumpkin Pillar: We shall see you again next year...
ナレーション: The pumpkin pillar gathered the other pumpkins and flew off into the starry night sky...
kazuma_halloween: Hm? Next year?
ynyn_halloween: I was worried there for a minute, but it looks like everything worked out in the end.
iris_halloween: I'm curious, Brother. What kind of sweets did you make for the pumpkins?
megumin: I was wondering the same thing...
megumin: Maybe one bite...
kazuma_halloween: No, Megumin! Don't—!
megumin: Hyaaaaaaaaa!!
aqua_halloween: Whoa! Megumin's actually breathing fire!
kazuma_halloween: I told her not to. I used all the chilies I had to make it. It's far too spicy for humans to handle.
kazuma_halloween: The pumpkins said they wanted something with a kick, so I had to make something that 
kazuma_halloween: isn't really fit for people.
iris_halloween: I see. So, you pushed your cooking beyond normal human limits to satisfy the pumpkins.
megumin: Soooooo hoooooot!!
ナレーション: And so, the pumpkin crisis was averted and the townspeople enjoyed the rest of the Halloween festival...
darkness: Everything okay?
megumin: *Pant pant* 
megumin: It feels like someone cast explosion magic in the back of my mouth.
aqua_halloween: Was it really that bad? It almost makes me want to try some.
iris_halloween: I'm also a bit curious...
clair: You really shouldn't! 
clair: Kazuma, dispose of the leftovers at once!
kazuma_halloween: Yeah, yeah. I'll burn the rest to make sure nobody eats 
kazuma_halloween: any of these by mistake.
megumin: I ask you, will you present me with an offering of sweets, 
megumin: or would you prefer eternal darkness and despair?
ynyn_halloween: The line is "trick-or-treat." Enough with the strange ad-libbing, let's just have some fun.
iris_halloween: How delightful! This is quite the splendid festival.
iris_halloween: I, too, received some cake in exchange for not playing a trick 
iris_halloween: on someone. Would you like a piece? It's quite delicious.
kazuma_halloween: Thanks, Iris. 
kazuma_halloween: Mmm, this is pretty good.
aqua_halloween: This would all go great with a little bubbly.
kazuma_halloween: Is that all you ever think about?
ynyn_halloween: Hehe, this was fun. 
ynyn_halloween: I can't wait to do it again next year.
kazuma_halloween: We're doing this again next year?
megumin: I don't see why not. They said they'd be coming back. 
megumin: I bet they're already looking forward to your sweets again.
kazuma_halloween: You mean they're only coming back 
kazuma_halloween: because of me?!
aqua_halloween: I sure hope they don't decide to eat you next time.
kazuma_halloween: I just want to enjoy Halloween like everyone else!
kazuma_halloween: I've had enough of these life-or-death situations!
ナレーション: The residents of Axel enjoyed the festival so much, they eagerly awaited the return of the pumpkin next year...
