aqua: Let's see... Any quests that'll earn us some easy money?
megumin: Simple quests that pay well aren't exactly common.
darkness: She's right, Aqua. If you're looking for good rewards, 
darkness: I'm afraid we'll have to take on more difficult jobs.
kazuma: You just want to fight something dangerous!
aqua: Judging from everyone's reaction, it would probably be 
aqua: best to find a mid-level quest with decent rewards.
luna: Pardon me, but would I be correct in assuming you are currently looking for a quest?
kazuma: Uh-oh, the guild receptionist... We're not doing it! 
kazuma: Whatever you want, ask somebody else!
luna: But I haven't said anything yet.
kazuma: Don't give me that! I see right through you... You're here to 
kazuma: push some dangerous quest on us that nobody else will take!
luna: I would never do such a thing!
luna: I'm merely here to show the strongest party in the town a quest worthy of their skills!
kazuma: F-Flattery isn't gonna work on me!
kazuma: Not this time, anyway...
aqua: Oh? Is he blushing?
megumin: We can at least listen to what she has to say.
luna: Thank you...
luna: You see, we've been getting reports of beasts causing all sorts of trouble in the area lately.
luna: They've been attacking adventurers camping outside the city.
darkness: Sneaking around after dark, huh? These are my kind of monsters. 
darkness: Don't worry, we'll take care of them for you!
kazuma: Stop speaking for the rest of us, Darkness.
darkness: Don't worry, Kazuma. You won't be in any danger from the monsters on this quest.
darkness: If I position myself as bait once we set up camp, they won't be able to resist attacking such an easy target!
darkness: I'll fight back, of course, but they're sure to overpower me 
darkness: in no time and start tearing into my armor.
darkness: Oh!
darkness: It will be brutal, but we have no choice! I will gladly sacrifice myself to protect you all!
darkness: *Pant pant*
kazuma: Great... Nothing I say gets through to her when she gets 
kazuma: worked up. Now we're stuck with this quest...
kazuma: *Sigh*
kazuma: According to Luna, this is the area where adventurers are getting attacked once night falls.
aqua: So why don't I see any sign of monsters?
darkness: We’ll have to be patient. Let's set up camp and wait. I've activated my 
darkness: Decoy skill, so it's only a matter of time now.
megumin: The full moon sure looks beautiful tonight. I bet it would 
megumin: look even better with my explosion magic lighting up the night!
aqua: Full moons are meant to be enjoyed with a nice bottle of bubbly by your side.
aqua: What say we crack one open?
kazuma: What kind of person throws a party while waiting to be 
kazuma: attacked by monsters?!
？？？: Awoooooo...
darkness: Kazuma, did you hear that?!
Blood Fang: Grrrrrrrrr...
aqua: Blood Fangs? So these are what have been attacking the 
aqua: adventurers around here? 
megumin: Can I fire one off now? The full moon has my blood boiling!
kazuma: Hold on, Megumin. We still don't know how many there are.
darkness: I'll take point and draw their attention!
darkness: I'm off!
kazuma: Darkness, wait!
kazuma: And she's gone already... 
kazuma: Let's go, everyone!
