Midlevel Bane - P2
Midlevel Bane: Graaaaaah...
mitsurugi: A tough adversary, but still not enough!
darkness: Wait a minute! Are you really going to finish it off 
darkness: without letting it attack me once?
megumin: And I haven't even used Explosion yet. Can I do it now?
kazuma: He says he's ready to deliver the final blow already. Why don't we just let him handle things on his own?
mitsurugi: This is the end for you, foul beast. Feel the wrath of a true hero's enchanted blade!
Midlevel Bane: Grrraaaaaarrr!!
mitsurugi: *Pant pant* 
mitsurugi: L-Lady Aqua! I have used my skills as a true sword master defeat the monster for you!
aqua: *Slurp* 
aqua: This tea is simply delicious... Kazuma, I'm out. 
aqua: Pour me another cup, would you?
kazuma: Yes, ma'am. Right away.
mitsurugi: L-Lady Aqua? 
mitsurugi: Did you, um, happen to see my battle?
aqua: Oh, did you defeat it already?
mitsurugi: Well, uh, yes... 
mitsurugi: I suppose that means you weren't watching.
aqua: Um, way to go! You looked like you had everything under control, 
aqua: so I thought I'd take a little break.
mitsurugi: O-Oh, I see. Well...
mitsurugi: Thank you for your praise.
kazuma: Now that that's finished, what do you say we head back to town and claim our reward?
aqua: Yeah. Then we can use it to 
aqua: buy some bubbly and celebrate!
luna: Congratulations on your successful hunt. Was anyone hurt?
kazuma: Not even close. 
kazuma: Defeating a monster of that caliber is like taking candy from a baby. 
kazuma: I didn't even break a sweat.
mitsurugi: You didn't even do anything...
luna: Here is your reward. Thank you again for your assistance.
megumin: These high-level quests sure do pay well.
aqua: Let's celebrate with some expensive bubbly and fresh crab!
darkness: That sounds great. We should go pick up what we need 
darkness: before it gets too late.
kazuma: Well, we should get going. See you later, Mitsurugi.
mitsurugi: Right... 
mitsurugi: Wait a minute! Why are you taking the reward?!
kazuma: This was all your idea, remember?
mitsurugi: How dare you! It is an honor to accompany Lady Aqua on a quest! I would even pay for the opportunity!
kazuma: We're not going to make you pay, 
kazuma: but the reward is ours.
mitsurugi: S-Seriously?
mitsurugi: I-In that case, would you at least tell me who you think was the better hero, based on our combat abilities?
aqua: Oh, um... Sorry, but I wasn't really paying attention.
mitsurugi: N-No way!
aqua: Hey, try not to worry about the small stuff so much. 
aqua: Okay, if I have to...
aqua: for you, as a thank you!
mitsurugi: I-Is this a replica of my cursed sword, Gram?! Lady Aqua, how did you make this?!
aqua: I made it out of some spare hand towels. The ornamentation on the handle was particularly difficult. What do you think?
mitsurugi: It's a truly impressive reproduction!
aqua: I know, right?
kazuma: Come on, Aqua. That may work on a child, but I doubt—
mitsurugi: It's magnificent! I am overjoyed to receive such a wonderful gift from my Lady Goddess!
kazuma: Seriously?
mitsurugi: It's hard to believe this was made out of towels. Why, it looks 
mitsurugi: strong enough to cut a dragon in half with a single swing!
kazuma: Even a stick would do more damage than that thing.
mitsurugi: I shall treasure this as much as my cursed sword, Gram!
mitsurugi: Thank you so much, Lady Aqua! I can't believe you gave me 
mitsurugi: something so great... I'm glad I went on that quest!
megumin: He actually seemed genuinely happy...
darkness: He certainly has an adorable side, but I think I'll pass on 
darkness: letting him join our party again.
kazuma: Hey, as long as he's happy. We were able to make a killing on this job too, so everything really worked out.
aqua: That's what I call a win-win scenario! Now, let's celebrate another successful quest 
aqua: with some nice, cold bubbly!
ナレーション: While Kazuma and company celebrated late into the night, Mitsurugi fell asleep clutching his new towel sword...
