At Home with These Pumpkins! - P4
ナレーション: Three days remain until the pumpkins' return...
aqua: There! All finished!
iris: Aqua, those clothes you're holding... Are they...
aqua: That's right! These are our Halloween outfits.
aqua: They turned out really well!
aqua: Here's your outfit, Kazuma. Put it on, it'll get your creative juices flowing!
kazuma: Oh, thanks.
aqua: And this one's for you, Iris.
iris: Thank you so much! I can't wait to try it on!
megumin: You guys look great!
aqua_halloween: Hehe! I managed to get a bunch of leftover material too, 
aqua_halloween: so they didn't cost a thing!
kazuma_halloween: Why am I the only one who looks like this?! You expect me 
kazuma_halloween: to fight a bunch of pumpkins dressed as a pumpkin?
darkness: Oh, don't be that way. All three of you look great, the costumes fit you perfectly.
iris_halloween: This is wonderful! I still can't believe I actually get to dress up and go to a party!
clair: Princess Iris is just too cute...! 
clair: I only wish I'd brought a camera 
clair: with me to capture this moment!
kazuma_halloween: What about you two? Shouldn't you have costumes?
megumin: If a battle breaks out, I can't afford to be caught in an 
megumin: outfit that limits my movement.
kazuma_halloween: You're just hoping for an excuse to use explosion magic.
iris_halloween: Don't you have an outfit, Lalatina?
darkness: I actually prefer to be the one who hands out candy.
darkness: Kazuma, would you help me practice really quick? Say trick-or-treat to me.
kazuma_halloween: All right, I guess...
kazuma_halloween: Trick-or-treat! Give me something good to eat!
darkness: Never!
kazuma_halloween: What are you doing?! 
kazuma_halloween: If you don't give them candy, they're going to play a trick on you!
darkness: I refuse!
darkness: Oh, darn. It looks like I'm fresh out of candy. 
darkness: I guess I have no choice 
darkness: but to endure your trick!
kazuma_halloween: Uhh...
iris_halloween: I see... So this is how you get people to play tricks on 
iris_halloween: you during Halloween!
kazuma_halloween: That's not how it's supposed to work!
ナレーション: Kazuma borrowed a larger kitchen, and was hard at work preparing a dish for the pumpkins.
aqua_halloween: *Sniff sniff* 
aqua_halloween: Something smells really good!
megumin: What did you make, Kazuma?
kazuma_halloween: Cookies! They're a Halloween staple where I'm from.
iris_halloween: If you are unable to please the pumpkins, they are going to eat you, right?
kazuma_halloween: Don't worry about that. I'll definitely sate their 
kazuma_halloween: appetite. I could use your help taste testing, though...
iris_halloween: Understood. I shall do my best!
clair: I must check them for poison first. 
clair: Hmm...
clair: They seem all right to me.
darkness: Oh, these are delicious! The slight bitterness of the chocolate really adds something special.
aqua_halloween: You're right. These would go great with some bubbly.
megumin: Still, will these satisfy the pumpkins? They wanted something exciting, right?
iris_halloween: That's true. These certainly are delicious, but I would describe the flavor as more gentle than exotic...
kazuma_halloween: Not enough oomph, huh? Maybe something with a bit of heat 
kazuma_halloween: would be better. Does this world even have red chilies?
ynyn: Do they have to be red?
megumin: Yunyun? What are you doing here?
ynyn: I was just passing by, honest. Kazuma, did I hear that 
ynyn: you're looking for something spicy?
ynyn: They aren't red, but I know where to find peppers so spicy that they'll make you cry.
kazuma_halloween: Oh, really?! That'd be great! Lead the way!
ynyn: I'd be happy to. However...
ynyn: In return...would you please let me attend the Halloween 
ynyn: festival with you guys?!
megumin: You don't need to ask us. Anybody can come to the festival.
ynyn: I know, but I was hoping to wear an outfit like Kazuma and Iris,
ynyn: and go together with everybody...
aqua_halloween: I have an extra one that you're welcome to wear.
ynyn: Really?! 
ynyn: This feels like a dream come true!
megumin: You don't need to make such a big deal out of this.
darkness: You say that, but you look happy she asked.
megumin: I-I-I am not! 
megumin: I don't care either way!
kazuma_halloween: We're counting on you, Yunyun! We've got to chase those pumpkins off and save the festival!
ynyn: Got it!
ナレーション: Yunyun put on the outfit Aqua made and the gang hurried off to find the super spicy peppers she promised them.
