God's Blessing on Those from Re:ZERO! - P2
ナレーション: A few days before Subaru and company arrived in Axel...
megumin: This is quite a dense forest. There's no telling how long it's been since another person set foot in here.
kazuma: The guild receptionist suggested this quest because of the high reward, so I had my suspicions... 
kazuma: Now I see why.
darkness: An ancient forest protected by a barrier, 
darkness: said to contain a doorway to another world. I wonder if it's true.
aqua: The people of the nearby village say nobody ever returns from this place... 
aqua: A-Aren't you even a little scared?
kazuma: We're here to see if there are any monsters within the barrier, not investigate rumors. 
kazuma: As long as we're careful—
？？？: Ribbbiiittt!!
aqua: It's a monster!!
megumin: Gwaaaaaaaaagh! 
megumin: EXPLOSION!
Beginner's Bane: Graaaaaah...
kazuma: Hey! What do you think you’re doing?! You just took out the entire barrier!
megumin: It was a...preemptive strike...
aqua: That's right! I-I-It's not like we just got spooked or anything! 
aqua: Besides, I'll just remake the barrier before—
darkness: Wait, do you feel that? 
darkness: Something's coming!
Rainbow Giant Toad: Ribbit...
darkness: A giant toad?! I've never seen one this color before. 
darkness: Where did it come from?
Rainbow Giant Toad: The seal has been lifted. My brethren in the other worlds should also awaken shortly.
Kazuma & Aqua: It can talk?!
Rainbow Giant Toad: Ribbit...
kazuma: Hey, where do you think you're going?! Get back here!
kazuma: So that's... 
kazuma: basically what happened...
subaru: I see...
subaru: But that doesn't make a lick of sense!
emilia: So this...toad, was it? You're saying it's the same creature that swallowed us before?
darkness: There are giant toads in the area, but that was the first one I've seen that was rainbow-colored. And could speak.
pack: This is simply a theory, but you mentioned rumors of a doorway to another world in that forest, correct?
darkness: Yes, that's what I've heard.
pack: Could this toad itself be the doorway in question? A doorway must lead somewhere, yes? After you broke the barrier...
pack: I suppose this toad appeared in our world as well, meaning that when it swallowed us it most likely transported us here.
rem: I never imagined there could be whole other worlds...
subaru: Hold on a minute. From what you've said, it sounds like all of this 
subaru: is your fault!
megumin: Mwahahaha! 
megumin: My explosion magic is powerful enough to rip open the gates of hell, if I so desire!
kazuma: You're supposed to apologize, you idiot! Please, forgive 
kazuma: this explosion-obsessed moron!
emilia: What do we do, Subaru? The Royal Selection is soon...
subaru: Don't worry, Mili! I'm sure we'll figure something out!
aqua: It's not like we did this on purpose, you know! We are sorry 
aqua: for whatever trouble we've caused, of course.
darkness: Kazuma, what do you think? Should we help Subaru and the others find their way home?
kazuma: Well, we are partially responsible for what's happened. We owe it to them to at least try!
ナレーション: Meanwhile, on the fields of the Kingdom of Lugunica...
Rainbow Giant Toad: *Ribbit* *Riiibbit*
Mysterious Man: I thought I sensed a strange kind of magic nearby. 
Mysterious Man: You are the source, I take it.
Rainbow Giant Toad: *Ribbit* *Riiibbit*
Mysterious Man: Not only do you ignore my question, 
Mysterious Man: but you yawn in my direction?!
Mysterious Man: You insolent toad! Your slothfulness is nevertheless refreshing!
Rainbow Giant Toad: Ribbiiiiiit!!
Mysterious Man: Eh? What a giant tongue...
Mysterious Man: It stinks!
Mysterious Man: This must be, must 
Mysterious Man: be, must be a test! 
Mysterious Man: This must be a test... Right, my darling witch?
Rainbow Giant Toad: Ribbiiiiiit!!
