How to Bake Exceptional Cakes - P2
megumin: EXPLOSION!!!
Blood Fang: *Whimper*
kazuma: Great job, Megumin.
megumin: I can't move a muscle. Kazuma, would you mind carrying me?
squall: She took care of the entire pack of Blood Fangs with one blast. That explosion magic really is quite impressive.
Amy: Now that's taken care of, we should hurry after the mangoes.
darkness: They vanished into the forest. Even a bushel as large as that 
darkness: will be difficult to track through a thicket...
Amy: Th-This is terrible! 
Amy: I was really looking forward to using those mangoes to bake for Mia...
squall: That's why you're out here? 
squall: I'm sorry, this is all my fault.
Amy: What am I going to do without those mangoes? All we have is Blood Fang meat... 
Amy: Wait... Meat? 
Amy: That's it! Meat! I've got an idea!
Amy: The cake is finished, everyone!
aqua: *Sniff sniff* This smells like it would pair wonderfully with 
aqua: a bottle of bubbly!
megumin_lightcloth: I never would have thought to make a cake with Blood Fang 
megumin_lightcloth: meat. Can you really call this a cake, though?
darkness: Well, as long as Mia likes it, I don't think it matters. Besides, with those quality steaks, 
darkness: I'm sure it's delicious!
kazuma: Hey, I'm back with Mia!
miia: Thanks for having me! 
miia: Huh? Amy and Squall are here too?
miia: And... 
miia: *Sniff sniff sniff* 
miia: What's that delicious smell?!
Amy: Mia, I made you a present... It's a meat cake!
miia: Wooow!!! Meat?! With Cake?! Can I have some now?! *Chomp chomp chomp*
kazuma: She didn't even wait for an answer.
Amy: It's all right. That just shows how happy she is.
miia: It's so juicy! This cake is delicious!!!
Amy: R-Really? How would you rank this one?
miia: First, of course! 
miia: This is the best cake I've ever had!
Amy: Oh! I can't believe Mia finally gave me first place!
darkness: I feel like this is more meat than cake...
Amy: I don't care if it is cake or meat, so long as I get to see Mia's smile!
kazuma: As long as Amy's happy with it, that's what's important.
Amy: I made enough for everyone, so please dig in.
aqua: I was hoping you'd say that! Don't mind if I do! 
Everyone: We'd be happy to eat them!
megumin_lightcloth: Whoooaaa! This is even more delicious than I imagined!
aqua: Mmm! And it really does go great with bubbly!
darkness: Mia, you must feel pretty lucky to get such a delicious present.
miia: I sure do! 
miia: But why did you make this for me, Amy?
Amy: Well, you see... 
miia: Oh, I know! You must be that Santa Claus that Kazuma was talking about!
Amy: Santa Claus? He's the one who gives gifts to children in 
Amy: the winter, right?
miia: Yeah! You're my Santa Claus, Amy!
Amy: Hehe, I suppose you're right. I guess I'll have to keep giving you presents, won't I? 
Amy: I wonder what I should do for my next gift. Oh, I can't 
Amy: wait to see your smile again!
Amy: I should get started right away...
kazuma: Wait a minute, Amy. Santa only gives gifts once a year! How many presents are 
kazuma: you planning on giving her?
ナレーション: The friends partied late into the night...
