At Home with These Pumpkins! - P3
ナレーション: Kazuma holed up in the kitchen trying one recipe after another in hopes of saving the town...
kazuma: None of this will work! It's all too bland. What kind of food do pumpkins like, anyway?
kazuma: I don't know if I can do this. The thought of pumpkins eating anything at all just feels wrong to me.
aqua: What are you going to do, Kazuma? You've only got five days left before they come back.
megumin: It's already been two days, and you still haven't come up with a single good idea...
darkness: At this rate, they're going to eat you instead! But don't you 
darkness: worry. I'll protect you if they try!
aqua: Darkness aside, the townspeople sure are having fun.
kazuma: What?!
ナレーション: All of Axel eagerly awaited the pumpkins' return. Every house was decorated and shops were selling pumpkin treats.
Local A: Only five days until the rematch between Kazuma and the pumpkins! Get your pumpkin treats now!
megumin: Everyone sure is excited.
Local B: It's been wonderful to see you! Take care, and trick-or-treat!
Local C: I still can't believe something like this is happening. I guess that's why they call it trick-or-treat.
aqua: Hey, that trick-or-treat line of yours seems to be catching on.
kazuma: That wasn't really my intention...
Local D: If that's how you're gonna be, meet me at the bridge at sunset and we'll settle this with a trick-or-treat!
kazuma: What are these people even talking about? Do they have any idea what trick-or-treat means?!
megumin: Does it really matter? Just let them enjoy the festival.
kazuma: Festival?
darkness: You haven't heard? The town planned a pumpkin festival for the day of your showdown.
darkness: Just like that "Hello-win" thing you mentioned.
kazuma: That's not really what Halloween is about. Wait a second! 
kazuma: Doesn't anyone care that I might get eaten?!
megumin: Everyone believes in you, Kazuma.
kazuma: "Here lies Kazuma, the hero, pigged on by pumpkins..." 
kazuma: That's what my grave is gonna say if I can't figure out what to cook!
aqua: Well, I need to focus on our special outfits to have them 
aqua: ready in time for the festival!
Aqua, Megumin, & Darkness: Trick-or-treat!!!
iris: Brother, it's been far too long!
kazuma: Hey, Iris. I was surprised when the guild said you were going to be here.
clair: This is a special case. The capital is quite interested 
clair: in the outcome of this pumpkin crisis.
iris: I've heard awful stories about these human harvesters. I'm terribly sorry your town has to face such a threat.
iris: As this country's princess, I shall do everything in my power to keep Axel safe!
Local A: Hey, look! Is that Princess Iris?! I can't believe that she came all the way from the capital to visit us!
Local B: This is amazing! That must mean people are really looking forward to our Halloween party!
aqua: That's right! Let's do everything we can to make this party a huge success!
Locals: YEEEAAAHHH!!!
kazuma: These people are all crazy... I bet none of them remember why this is even happening.
clair: ...
clair: I expected to find them terrified of the pumpkins' return.
iris: I'm sure Brother has been raising their spirits.
kazuma: I suppose that's kind of true...
kazuma: Iris, what kind of food do you think pumpkins would like?
iris: What about the mayonnaise rice 
iris: you made for me before? I'm sure they would love that.
kazuma: I don't think that'll be enough...
iris: How about some sweets then? I doubt there's a person alive who doesn't like treats.
kazuma: That just makes me wonder if pumpkins can be considered people...
kazuma: Thanks, Iris. I'll think about what you said.
aqua: Hey, Iris. You should wear a special Halloween outfit, too.
iris: Halloween?
aqua: It's a festival from Kazuma's hometown. I'll explain it 
aqua: later. Come on, it'll be great!
clair: H-How dare you disrespect Princess Iris like that!
aqua: Oh, calm down. I only want to give her a cute dress!
clair: Princess Iris in a cute dress?!
kazuma: You sure are enjoying yourselves. Not a care in the world for the person who might get eaten.
kazuma: Better than being scared stiff, I guess. For everyone's sake, I've got to find a way to satisfy those pumpkins.
kazuma: I might've been too hung up on trying to make a full meal. Maybe I should try Iris's idea and make some sweets.
ナレーション: With only four days remaining until the pumpkins' return, Kazuma began experimenting with making sweets...
