A Party on This Holy Night! - P5
ナレーション: Everyone gathered around a table bedecked with sumptuous delicacies.
iris_christmas: You mean to tell me you made this cake from scratch?
kazuma: Courtesy of yours truly! The chocolate decorations 
kazuma: are Aqua's handiwork, though.
aqua: Is she the goddess of water, or baking? Who can say? All I know is that this masterpiece 
aqua: is a sight to behold!
clair: Your craftsmanship is indeed worthy of praise. 
clair: Not even the royal pastry makers can produce work like this.
kazuma: Wait 'til you taste it! Both sponge and cream will blow you 
kazuma: away! We spent a whole day making this baby.
wiz_christmas: Libations are over here, everyone. There's more than enough to go around, so help yourself.
darkness_christmas: Allow me to carve up the bird!
miia_christmas: Whoo-hoo! Meat 'n' drink! Let's dig 
miia_christmas: in already!
megumin: Not so fast, Mia. Eating comes after the toast! Besides, 
megumin: we're still waiting for Amy to arrive.
miia_christmas: Oh yeah. Now that you mention it, Amy did say she'd be 
miia_christmas: a bit late. I hope she gets here soon!
kazuma: The toast will have to wait. 
kazuma: I'm pooped from a day of cake-making. Going to pop in the bath while we wait!
kazuma_towel: Ahh... Does that hit the spot. 
kazuma_towel: And soon, I'll be at a Christmas party with a whole sleigh-load of Santa-costumed girls.
kazuma_towel: Farewell, previous life of social reclusion! 
kazuma_towel: Mom, Dad. You'll be proud to know your son is making the 
kazuma_towel: most of his new life! I better get extra clean today.
？？？: Haaarrrgh...
kazuma_towel: Hm? There someone outside the window? 
kazuma_towel: Nah, I must be imagining it.
？？？: Hrrrghmmm...
kazuma_towel: Okay, I knew it. Someone is out there. 
kazuma_towel: Santa, perhaps? 
kazuma_towel: No, of course not...
kazuma_towel: Hey, sorry to be the bearer of bad news, but the bath is occupied! Are you trying to peep? 
kazuma_towel: Take your voyeuristic fantasies elsewhere!
Elder Treant: Ooh hoo hoo! You, pretty. Me, take! 
kazuma_towel: A tree monster?! 
kazuma_towel: T-Treant aleeert!
iris_christmas: Oh my. Was that not Kazuma just now?!
aqua: The doofus probably slipped on some soap. Again.
kazuma_towel: Heeeeeeeeelp! 
clair: "Help," he seems to be uttering, with high-pitched urgency. Should we not aid him?
megumin: In this household, we have a policy of not spoiling our children with excessive coddling.
darkness_christmas: There's a voice coming from the front yard...
darkness_christmas: Do you think he's exposing himself outside, in the nude?
kazuma_towel: Hey, I'm gonna dieeeeee! 
wiz_christmas: Erm, it seems like his situation is of the mortal variety.
miia_christmas: Guys, look! O-Outside the window! 
aqua: That kind of looks like... 
aqua: No way! A grove of Treants?!
wiz_christmas: The big one—that must be an Elder Treant! 
Elder Treant: Yraaargh! Human pretty! Make meee pretty! 
kazuma_towel: Noooooo! P-Put me doooooown!
aqua: Kazuma?! What happened? You're literally the star on a 
aqua: Christmas tree!
kazuma_towel: Let's see. I was taking a bath, opened the window, and then— 
kazuma_towel: HONESTLY, WHO CARES?! JUST SAVE ME ALREADY!
Elder Treant: Look. Am me not pretty? Hmmmmmm?
Treant A: Ooh, so pretty!
Treant B: Prettiest!
darkness_christmas: Seems like they're flattering the Elder Treant.
aqua: Yeah, like he's some kind of fashion trendsetter... 
aqua: I guess this winter, men in bath towels are all the rage.
megumin: ...I was under the impression Elder Treants liked attractive things. 
megumin: Why use Kazuma?
miia_christmas: Maybe 'cause he just washed himself squeaky clean?
wiz_christmas: Th-These creatures like gems and jewels, yes? Dazzling things. Maybe Kazuma's slick and scrubbed body had the same effect.
aqua: No, Kazuma's naked body has zero aesthetic worth. That's what caught the Treant's eye. He's wearing him to make a statement.
iris_christmas: This is no time to be hypothesizing! Kazuma needs us!
clair: Princess, I must object. Someone of your standing must not look upon something so...vulgar.
kazuma_towel: Guys, I'm on the brink of death! Can you chat later?! It's winter! I'm in a towel! Do you want me to freeze?!
wiz_christmas: I demand you release our friend this instant! Cursed 
wiz_christmas: Crystal Prison!
aqua: Time for us to go on the offensive too! Let's turn these Treants into kindling before Kazuma freezes to death!
Elder Treant: Must...become...prettiest!
