A Party on This Holy Night! - P3
kazuma: I-Is this for real?
ナレーション: The day before the Christmas party, Kazuma beheld an Axel transformed by glorious Christmas glitz.
Local: Merry Christmas, one and all!
kazuma: Wreaths adorning every nook and cranny. Lights of all 
kazuma: shapes and colors. It's Christmas in Axel! But how?!
Shopkeeper: Come and get it! Christmas chicken, pipin' hot and on sale!
miia_christmas: Kazuma, look! Rotisserie! Boy do those birds look mighty... *Slurp* 
miia_christmas: ...Scrumptious!
kazuma: It's uncanny. How did all these people learn about 
kazuma: Christmas? Don't tell me...
aqua: Tomorrow marks everyone's favorite Axis festival, which 
aqua: rewards good little children with presents—Christmas!
aqua: Eat your fill of delicious treats, and praise the beneficent goddess Aqua in exchange for Santa's gift-wrapped goodies!
kazuma: Ah. So that's why she wasn't home. She's using Christmas 
kazuma: to rope people into the Axis fold.
aqua: There's more! Christmas is also synonymous with...singing! Axis hymns, specifically. 
aqua: It's a time-honored tradition!
aqua: But why explain it when I can demonstrate?
Adventurer A: Here we go!
Adventurer B: Spoken like a true songstress!
aqua: Ahem! 
aqua: Here's a little ditty for you! "The goddess Eris—" ♪
kazuma: Stop! Show's over!
aqua: Ouch! What did you do that for?
kazuma: We're supposed to be throwing a Christmas party! You can't just 
kazuma: use Christmas to push your hokey religion!
aqua: I needed an incentive to get the town in the Christmas spirit! ...So I used the Axis faith. 
aqua: Sue me!
Child: But I want caaake! C'mon, gimme, gimme, gimmeee!
Mother: My, someone's got a bad case of the gimmes. Better be good, or Santa will sign you up for the Order of Axis!
Child: Huh?! I'll be good! Please, anything but that!
kazuma: I'm guessing that wasn't the "incentive" you intended.
aqua: Darn it, where did I go wrong? 
aqua: No matter! When the going gets tough, the tough get going!
kazuma: Go and help with our party, then! Sheesh!
kazuma: Hey, guys! I bought drinks for the party!
wiz_christmas: Welcome back, Kazuma. Our first guest has arrived.
kazuma: Guest?
iris: Brother! It's been far too long.
kazuma: Iris, you're early! In fact, er...really, really early. 
kazuma: The party's tomorrow.
iris: Oh, I know. I simply couldn't bear to wait. The town looks immaculate. 
iris: It's the perfect follow-up to Halloween!
clair: The sheer gall of inviting royalty to your own abode. One would hope 
clair: you haven't forgotten your station compared to the princess's.
kazuma: Yes, ma'am. I understand that a lowly adventurer like 
kazuma: myself has no business fraternizing with royalty.
clair: If that is the case, I expect this to be the last of these dense and blundering invitatio— 
aqua: Ooh, the size is spot-on. Once I heard who Kazuma had coming over, I just had to make this!
iris_christmas: This is for me? Oh, it's dazzling! Are you really 
iris_christmas: sure I can have it?
clair: P-Princess? What manner of garb is this?!
iris_christmas: A "Santa outfit," apparently. Perhaps it looks a touch 
iris_christmas: childish on me...
clair: N-N-Not at all, Your Majesty! On the contrary, you look too cu— Ahem! 
clair: Too "elegant" for words, I mean!
clair: Sir Kazuma, allow me to retract my earlier condemnation. Parties are...good. Once in a while.
clair: Being able to see the princess like this... Why, it's a blessing 
clair: from providence itself!
kazuma: There's a lot I could interject with here, but I'll hold off—because Iris is adorable in that Santa costume.
megumin: The mansion's decked out. The town too. Plus, we've got a 
megumin: whole wardrobe of Santa outfits. We're ready for tomorrow!
kazuma: And yet I can't help but feel we're forgetting something.
aqua: Hm. But what, I wonder?
kazuma: ...
kazuma: Silly me. A tree! We don't have a Christmas tree yet!
iris_christmas: A "Christmas...tree," you say?
kazuma: The heart of Christmas! An evergreen, covered in ornaments, lights, and more. You keep the presents beneath it.
wiz_christmas: An evergreen? With decorations? There is one such creature 
wiz_christmas: which fits that description—the Elder Treant. Is that it?
kazuma: Uh, Treant? As in the tree monster? Do monsters have a thing for holiday doodads?
darkness_christmas: Not quite. The beasts adorn themselves with anything from jewels to living creatures. Whatever strikes their fancy.
clair: Yes, they're closer to trophies than ornaments. 
clair: Many an adventurer has breathed their last affixed to those boughs.
kazuma: Is anything in this world simple? Goodbye holiday cheer...hello holiday fear.
kazuma: Shoot. 
ナレーション: Though thoroughly and utterly taken with foreboding, Kazuma asked Claire more questions about the Elder Treant.
