At Home with These Pumpkins! - P2
ナレーション: The citizens of Axel suffered under the terrible assault of the pumpkins...
darkness: Pumpkin Pillars...
darkness: Just trying to hold them off is taking every ounce of strength I have.
megumin: I can see why they're called human harvesters...
Adventurer A: Haha... This can't be happening... Actual pumpkins? Here? This is all just a bad dream...
Adventurer B: It's the end of the world! I don't want to die!!
kazuma: People trembling in fear at the sight of pumpkins... This whole situation is ridiculous.
Pumpkin Pillar: We come to claim your lives. Those who resist will die.
kazuma: Those mean the same thing! Sorry, but there's no way I'm 
kazuma: going to be eaten by a stupid squash!
Pumpkin Pillar: Hehehe... You dare defy us? You adventurers are all fools.
Pumpkin Pillar: We've dealt with your kind before. Would you like to know what happened to the last group who resisted us?
aqua: Wh-What happened to them?
Pumpkin Pillar: Half of them died... The other half were killed!
aqua: Was the distinction really necessary? Just say that they were all killed!
kazuma: This isn't the time for semantics, Aqua! These things are 
kazuma: evil, don't make them even angrier!
megumin: Then hurry up and do something, Kazuma!
kazuma: Why is it always my job?! 
kazuma: I don't even know why a pack of pumpkins would attack people in the first place!
darkness: That's far enough, you pernicious pumpkins! If you want to 
darkness: attack our town, you'll have to get through me!
Pumpkin Pillar: You can't stop us!!!
darkness: No...
darkness: Aaaaaagh!!!
kazuma: Darkness!
darkness: *Pant pant*
darkness: Crushing me to death with such rotten smiles on their faces...
darkness: Nnngh!
megumin: Kazuma, do something! Darkness won't last much longer!
kazuma: It looks to me like she's enjoying it... But still, these 
kazuma: things are more dangerous than I thought.
kazuma: What should I do? Since they can talk, maybe we could try negotiating...
kazuma: Hey, pumpkins! Why are you attacking people?!
Pumpkin Pillar: Isn't it obvious? Nothing tastes better than a human marinated in terror!
kazuma: Terrifying... These guys sound like the Devil King!
Pumpkin Pillar: There is nothing more flavorful than fear-stricken humans!
darkness: Aaa
darkness: Aaaugh!
aqua: Darkness! 
aqua: Let go of her, you stupid pumpkins!
Pumpkin Pillar: No. Now stop interrupting our meal.
kazuma: Meal? That's it!
kazuma: Pumpkins! I have a proposition for you!
kazuma: If you think terrified humans are the best food there is, 
kazuma: then your taste buds are missing out!
megumin: ...I don't think they have tongues, Kazuma.
kazuma: I already said that this isn't the time for semantics!
kazuma: What do you say, pumpkins?! I'll show you something that tastes way better than humans!
kazuma: Something much better than having to chew through all of Darkness's muscles!
Pumpkin Pillar: ...
kazuma: Will they fall for it...?
Pumpkin Pillar: Hmm... What kind of tasty foods are you talking about, human?
kazuma: All right! They took the bait!
kazuma: There are all kinds of delicious foods out there! It'll take a bit of time to prepare them, though!
kazuma: If you call off your attack, I'll feed you all the 
kazuma: mouthwatering grub you can eat!
Pumpkin Pillar: Mwahaha! You're the first human to make such a proposal!
ナレーション: Laughing, the pumpkins released Darkness from their vines.
Pumpkin Pillar: Very well, we shall grant you one week to prepare our meal. It had better be as delicious as you say!
Pumpkin Pillar: If we're not satisfied with your offering, we'll eat you instead!
kazuma: Gulp!
Pumpkin Pillar: See you in one week! Pum-pum-pumpkin...
Adventurer A: You drove away those terrible pumpkins!
Adventurer B: That was amazing, Kazuma! You saved Axel again!
kazuma: Well, this isn't over yet. They'll be back in a week.
megumin: That's more than enough time to prepare. Besides, you already have a plan, right?
kazuma: Not really... I have no idea what to do now.
darkness: I'm more concerned with what you said about my muscles! 
darkness: I'm not all muscle, I'll have you know!
kazuma: This isn't the time for that! We only have one week 
kazuma: to think of something...
aqua: You need to cook lots of food, right? 
aqua: I'd be happy to offer my services as an official taste tester!
ナレーション: With only a week until the return of the pumpkins, Kazuma nervously began planning what food to prepare...
