ナレーション: The peace and quiet of Axel was suddenly shattered by a piercing alarm...
Announcement: Emergency! Emergency! All adventurers, assemble at the front gate immediately!
kazuma: What now? I thought I was finally going to get a day off.
aqua: Looks like they've come again...
kazuma: Who's here? Is it another bunch of cabbages or something?
megumin_lightcloth: This is far more serious than a few cabbages.
darkness: I didn't expect them to come to Axel this year. As a knight, 
darkness: and a member of the nobility, I must protect this town.
kazuma: You all seem pretty serious. What the heck is going on?
aqua: A calamity known for cursing the fall harvest. It's... 
aqua: the pumpkins!
luna: Adventurers! Once you're ready, please gather round!
ナレーション: The adventurers gathered at the gate all looked anxious...
tough_guy: Tch. Looks like we may not live to see another sunrise.
darkness: I can't believe this is actually happening...
megumin: I don't think we need to explain how scary these things are. 
megumin: Do you realize the seriousness of the situation now, Kazuma?
kazuma: Nope. Not in the least.
kazuma: A fall event with pumpkins? You're talking about Halloween, right? 
kazuma: Jack-o-lanterns, costumes, trick-or-treating...
kazuma: Playing pranks on the people who don't give you any candy. 
kazuma: What's so strange 
kazuma: about that?
aqua: You don't get it, Kazuma. The pumpkins in this world, this time of year in particular, are nothing like what you know.
kazuma: Pumpkins are still pumpkins. Why not just harvest them?
megumin: It's not the pumpkins that get harvested when they appear like this...
megumin: It's us!
kazuma: Okay, now you're freaking me out!
aqua: Any pumpkins that don't get eaten before fall arrives turn into powerful, raging monsters.
aqua: Pumpkin Pillars...
aqua: They may taste delicious, but they take many lives every year. Some call them human harvesters.
darkness: They attack a random town every year. I've heard everything 
darkness: gets ravaged, down to the last blade of grass.
kazuma: No way. I'm sure you're just exagg—
darkness: This is no exaggeration! Just look around!
Adventurer A: Mom always said the pumpkins would come if I wasn't a good boy! And now it's finally happening!
Adventurer B: If I survive this battle, I'm going to finally propose.
Adventurer C: My grandparents were killed by these things... Today is the day I get my revenge!
kazuma: Yikes. That's some serious foreshadowing right there...
aqua: When you meet a pumpkin, you've only got two options. Remember this: 
aqua: Dead or alive!
kazuma: This world is so ridiculous! 
kazuma: I've never heard of any killer pumpkins! And the saying is trick-or-treat!
luna: Warning! Warning! The pumpkins are about to breach the gate!
megumin: I only hope my explosion magic will be enough...
megumin: No! I mustn't lose faith in the power of explosion magic!
darkness: Their strength is far greater than that of mere cabbages. 
darkness: Can I hope to stand against such an onslaught?
kazuma: For someone who's always so excited about getting beaten up, she sure is taking this seriously...
luna: Here comes the first wave!
Pumpkin Pillar: Pum-pum-pumpkin...
kazuma: Th-They're huge! These are pumpkins?!
aqua: The ones that are stacked on top of each other form the leader! The Pumpkin Pillar!
megumin: It's got friends, too. There are too many to count.
darkness: This doesn't look good.
Pumpkin Pillar: Hehehe... Foolish humans...
kazuma: They can talk, too?! 
kazuma: What's wrong with this world?!
ナレーション: Kazuma was shocked at how different this was from the Halloween he knew, but he still had to fight...
