kazuma: Winter's a literal quest graveyard. There's nothing good.
darkness: Surely you jest! Look at the bulletin board. There's a 
darkness: cornucopia of killer quests that are guaranteed to crush us.
kazuma: That's my point! 
kazuma: Hence my statement, "There's nothing good!" I rather like being uncrushed, thank you!
aqua: Slaying a pack of white wolves... Capturing an 
aqua: ice-breathing dragon... Yep, they all look pretty beastly.
megumin: Monsters hibernate during winter, save for the super-strong 
megumin: ones. But hey, it'll be good Explosion practice.
miia: Eh. They're all duds.
aqua: Oh, Mia. You quest-hunting too?
miia: This is a pickle. See, I'm hungrier than a tick on a 
miia: teddy bear, and none o' these quests can fill me up.
kazuma: Difficulty doesn't matter to you, I see.
miia: Nope! I want some tasty eats. And I want 'em 'til I drop! 
miia: That's the only reason I go on these darn quests.
kazuma: Why don't you just stay home? Can't you whip up 
kazuma: something scrumptious there?
aqua: Now there's an idea! Kazuma, listen up. 
aqua: Questing out in the freezing cold's an affront to civilization!
aqua: Mia wants to eat. I say let the girl 
aqua: eat—at a super-splendiferous Christmas party thrown by us!
megumin: Christ...mas?
darkness: I've never heard of such a thing.
aqua: It's a time for celebration! Merrymaking! It's a winter tradition where Kazuma's from.
aqua: There's chicken and cake. Oh, and presents! People get together to exchange presents!
miia: Chicken, cake, and presents too?!
aqua: There's more! On the eve of Christmas, a man called 
aqua: "Santa" slides into everyone's houses through the chimney.
miia: So he's a thief?!
aqua: Quite the opposite! He's a jolly old man who leaves presents for good children while they sleep.
miia: Gifts and tasty treats? Now that's somethin' I can really 
miia: get behind! 
miia: Sign me up for a Christmas!
megumin: No living soul could say no to those sparkling eyes. 
megumin: It's settled. No quests for us today!
aqua: It's unanimous. Let's prepare for a bonafide Christmas bash!
kazuma: Unanimous? I never said yes.
aqua: For real? What's up with you, party pooper?
darkness: If money's your problem, we still have some from our last quest.
kazuma: My issue isn't economic! My issue is...there's not an ounce 
kazuma: of holiday cheer in my cold, hardened heart!
aqua: I don't follow. Is there a reason you 
aqua: don't like Christmas?
kazuma: Reason, you say? 
kazuma: Indeed! And a simple one at that! For in Japan... 
kazuma: Christmas is a holiday for couples and friends! Every year it's just me, my games, and I...
kazuma: I set one foot outside and Christmas assaults my 
kazuma: soul! I was happy this world had no Christmas!
kazuma: Imagine holding a Christmas party of your own 
kazuma: volition! I need neither Santa nor a party! Bah humbug!
megumin: While I'm having trouble following his demented babbling, 
megumin: one thing's clear: he hates Christmas deeply.
aqua: You poor, lonely boy. Facing constant rejection...
kazuma: Must you salt my wounds? 
kazuma: Anyhoo, that's my beef with Christmas. No cheer will you find here, got it?
darkness: Uh, Kazuma? Where are you going?
kazuma: Shopping! This loner's going on lockdown under the kotatsu. 
kazuma: I'll need supplies. Some lovely mandarins, perhaps, or...
miia: Well, he's gone. I guess he won't be joinin' our party?
miia: As for me, I wanna gorge myself 'til the cows come home!
miia: ...Still, having Kazuma around would be nice.
darkness: Oh, Mia...
aqua: Sounds like you need some divine intervention! The beautiful Aqua is on the case!
megumin: And how exactly do you intend to intervene?
aqua: I have just the thing in mind! But I'll need some help. 
aqua: Darkness, Mia. That's where you come in.
aqua: We'll also need the lich to pitch in. I think Kazuma would really like that.
darkness: What, exactly, will he like? ...By the goddess—what are 
darkness: you planning for us, Aqua?!
miia: Who knows, but I'll lend a hand. Heck, I'll lend two! It ain't a party unless everyone's there! 
miia: Let's go!
