A Party on This Holy Night! - P6
kazuma_towel: It's down to you, Elder Treant! You're gonna pay for nearly giving me hypothermia on Christmas! 
kazuma_towel: Buh-bye now! 
kazuma_towel: Snipe!
Elder Treant: Hrmmmghhh...
darkness_christmas: Defeating the Elder Treant turned it into a regular tree.
aqua: Guess your bite was worse than its bark, eh, Kazuma? 
kazuma_towel: You bet. First the pumpkins on Halloween, 
kazuma_towel: now the Elder Treant. I'll become a legendary monster-slayer at this rate.
clair: Bold words for someone wearing naught but a towel. 
clair: If you insist on further offending the princess's eyes, I swear—
iris_christmas: A-Ahem! Kazuma, shall we go inside? Before you catch cold. 
iris_christmas: Claire, no need to escalate things.
aqua: This immobilized Elder Treant...is actually the perfect 
aqua: Christmas tree! Nice!
megumin: Yes, it is rather breathtaking... When dead.
kazuma: See? The tree is what makes the mood festive!
iris_christmas: Yes, its glittering boughs are truly something to behold.
wiz_christmas: Friends, the wait is over. I present to you...Amy!
Amy: Hello, everyone. Apologies for my late arrival. 
miia_christmas: Amy! 
miia_christmas: You're here at last, yay! Kazuma was just nude on a tree 
miia_christmas: 'n' I'm hungry 'n' can we toast now pretty please?
Amy: Oh my. I gather you've worked up quite the appetite. 
Amy: Tell me all that's happened over dinner, hm? 
darkness_christmas: That's Amy for you. She knows Mia through and through!
aqua: Okay! Without further ado, I'd like to officially 
aqua: start this party. Everyone, glasses at the ready!
iris_christmas: Kazuma, a few words, if you would? 
kazuma: Thanks, everyone, for pitching in...and being here together. The night wasn't without hitches, but we got us a Christmas tree! Let's party! 
kazuma: Cheers!
Everyone: Cheers!
aqua: Pwaaah! There's nothing like a 'lil Christmas bubbly! 
miia_christmas: Cake first? Or meat?! The ultimate question. Aw, meat's the natural choice! ...'Cept it's Christmas. So cake it is, then!
wiz_christmas: Mia, dear? You have to cut the cake before eating it. Sit tight for one moment? 
iris_christmas: Oh dear... The thought of cutting a cake this exquisite certainly gives one pause.
miia_christmas: But Iris, ya gotta cut it to eat it!
darkness_christmas: So long as you savor it, the cake's beauty will not have gone to waste. 
darkness_christmas: Wiz, give Mia an extra large slice, would you?
miia_christmas: Really?! Thanks, Darkness! 
miia_christmas: You're a gal after my own heart!
Amy: She is?! Oh, but Mia, why? I mean, you have me, 
Amy: don't you?
miia_christmas: Aw, Amy. 'Course I like ya too.
Amy: "Too?!"
megumin: Amy, Mia. Sure you'd rather talk instead of eat? 
megumin: I might just help myself to your cake.
wiz_christmas: Speaking of your cake, Megumin, it's right here. Mia, 
wiz_christmas: here's yours. There's a slice for everyone. 
miia_christmas: It's about time! 
miia_christmas: Time to dig in, that is!
miia_christmas: Wow! This cake is super tasty! 
kazuma: You bet your furry ears it is. Even the milk I used was 
kazuma: top-notch. What do you think, Iris?
iris_christmas: Why, it's to die for! I don't think I've ever had cake quite this lovely.
clair: I must agree. Sir Kazuma, should you ever be out of work, there's a position for you with the royal culinarians.
wiz_christmas: It's absolutely delicious. But, am I imagining things, or is 
wiz_christmas: something making my tongue tingle?
aqua: Ah. I may have sanctified the chocolate a little. Oopsie? 
wiz_christmas: A-Aaaaaack!
kazuma: There was the Elder Treant ordeal, 
kazuma: but from the Santa outfits to the food—the good outweighs the bad. What a Christmas!
aqua: You said it. I know it's early, 
aqua: but I can't wait to do this again next year!
aqua: By then, I'll have the whole town chirping "Merry Axis" instead of "Merry Christmas!" Just you wait and see!
kazuma: Oh, give it a rest, will you? You've got the townsfolk confused enough as it is! 
kazuma: Please don't make it worse.
megumin: Kazuma, Merry Christmas! Having fun, I hope? 
iris_christmas: Merry Christmas, Kazuma! I'm having the time of my life! Thank you so much for 
iris_christmas: inviting me!
darkness_christmas: M-Merry Christmas, Kazuma.
wiz_christmas: A very Merry Christmas, Kazuma.
kazuma: Everyone... 
aqua: Hee hee. Everyone's got their Christmas cheer down pat, I see.
kazuma: That they do. And now it's my turn. Everyone? 
kazuma: Merry Christmas!
