luna: Thank you for your service. Here is your reward.
mitsurugi: Thank you, as well. 
mitsurugi: I'm just happy to help people with their problems.
luna: What a lovely attitude to have! I only wish certain other 
luna: guild members were more like you...
kazuma: I ain't accepting any quests, you got that?!
megumin: We don't have much of a choice, Kazuma. We're running out of money again.
darkness: She's right. We've been slacking off too much lately.
kazuma: What's wrong with taking a well-deserved break 
kazuma: every once in a while? Come on, let's go home.
aqua: But my stock of delicious bubbly is going to run dry soon!
kazuma: How much do you drink, you useless goddess?! That's not even my 
kazuma: problem! Buy your own bubbly if you—
mitsurugi: Kazuma Satou! That's enough! I’ve tried to hold my tongue, but I can't 
mitsurugi: take it any longer!
kazuma: Hm? Oh, hey Hachimitsu. Didn't see you there.
mitsurugi: It's Mitsurugi! 
mitsurugi: And I refuse to just stand idly by while you speak to Lady Aqua with such disrespect!
mitsurugi: Bubbly does not cost all that much! Why can't you just let 
mitsurugi: Lady Aqua drink as much as she wants?!
kazuma: No way. Why should I have to put myself in danger just to pay for her bad habits?
mitsurugi: I've never met such a disrespectful person...
mitsurugi: Very well. Lady Aqua, I shall accompany you on your next quest!
megumin: We don't want you.
darkness: No thanks.
mitsurugi: I-I wasn't really talking to you...
aqua: Pass.
mitsurugi: What?!
kazuma: Looks like everyone still hates you.
mitsurugi: But if I accompany you on a high-ranking quest, you'll be able 
mitsurugi: to afford all the expensive bubbly you want!
aqua: Wait, really?
mitsurugi: Of course. I'll take care of defeating the monsters for us. 
mitsurugi: All you need to do is come with me.
aqua: I'm starting to like this idea...
mitsurugi: I beg of you, Lady Aqua! My single greatest wish is to quest with you at my side!
kazuma: With Aqua? 
kazuma: Careful what you wish for.
mitsurugi: How dare you! It is an honor to accompany Lady Aqua on a quest! I would even pay for the opportunity!
aqua: Oh! Well, if you insist, 
aqua: then I suppose you can join us!
mitsurugi: Ah! 
mitsurugi: Thank you so much!
kazuma: As always, it seems she can't resist a little flattery. Looks like I'm stuck doing another quest...
kazuma: Though, I can't deny he's pretty tough. I'll just let him handle the monsters, 
kazuma: then reap the rewards!
aqua: By the way, you look kind of familiar. Have we met 
aqua: somewhere before?
mitsurugi: Huh?! 
kazuma: These elimination quests always have really strong monsters. We could never accept a quest like this with our usual team.
darkness: A midlevel bane, huh? 
darkness: I bet they pack quite a punch.
megumin: No enemy can stand against the might of my explosion magic!
kazuma: Looks like you two are plenty fired up.
mitsurugi: Lady Aqua, please watch over me as I do battle!
mitsurugi: Kazuma Satou! Once I demonstrate my superiority in battle, I demand you withdraw from Lady Aqua's side!
aqua: Oh, who cares about that? Just hurry up and do your thing 
aqua: so we can get back and drink some bubbly.
Midlevel Bane: Grrrrrrrrr!
kazuma: All right, Mitsurugi. Time to demonstrate the powers of 
kazuma: a true hero, or whatever it is you are.
mitsurugi: Your input is not needed! I am already prepared for battle! 
mitsurugi: Now, follow and witness the power of my magic sword!
kazuma: Show us your stuff then, Mr. Sword Master.
Midlevel Bane: Graaaaaah!
mitsurugi: Come at me, beast! You shall taste the steel of Gram!
