At Home with These Pumpkins! - P5
ynyn_halloween: La la lalalala ♪
iris_halloween: Hehe! Yunyun seems to be in a good mood.
aqua_halloween: She sure does. Her cheerful attitude is contagious, too.
kazuma_halloween: I'm glad you're enjoying yourself, but is this the spot?
ynyn_halloween: Oh, sorry. Yes. Do you see that big tree? Those vines produce an extremely spicy pepper...
clair: Green? They don't look particularly spicy.
ynyn_halloween: I promise they are! I tried them once when had nothing else to eat. It...wasn't pleasant...
kazuma_halloween: These look 
kazuma_halloween: like green chili peppers!
iris_halloween: Green chili peppers? Are they really that spicy?
kazuma_halloween: It depends on the variety, but some are even spicier than 
kazuma_halloween: red chili peppers. This'll definitely add some oomph!
kazuma_halloween: Thanks for showing them to me, Yunyun.
ynyn_halloween: O-Of course! I'm glad I could help!
kazuma_halloween: It'll be hard to find the right balance of flavors, but I don't have a choice. Time to make some spicy sweets!
ナレーション: Kazuma worked hard to create some spicy sweets, until the day of the pumpkins' return arrived...
megumin: It's so spicy! 
megumin: My tongue feels like it's on fire!!!
darkness: I can't even feel mine...
darkness: And I can't stop sweating!
aqua: Megumin, Darkness, calm down! Here, have some water.
darkness: I-I'm fine. 
darkness: I'd like to savor this feeling a little longer!
iris: Is it really that spicy? 
iris: Perhaps I could try just a little—
clair: Absolutely not! It is my job to ensure no harm comes to you!
kazuma: I was hoping for something that wasn't too spicy to enjoy, but it looks like this 
kazuma: may be a tad too much...
megumin: *Glug glug* 
megumin: A tad?! This is way too hot! How many chili peppers did you put in these things?!
kazuma: Actually, I barely used any at all...
kazuma: Yunyun wasn't lying when she said these peppers were super spicy. I could easily make these sweets even spicier.
megumin: Eek!
darkness: Spicier?! What would happen to me if I ate something even 
darkness: spicier than these?!
iris: Brother, if you made these any spicier, wouldn't they be too spicy for people to eat?
kazuma: Yeah... They've already got plenty of kick as it is...
kazuma: Why is it so hard to find the right balance of flavor?
kazuma: Actually, hold on a minute... Too spicy to eat? 
kazuma: That's it!
kazuma: I've got it! You're a genius, Iris!
iris: Huh? 
kazuma: I know how to make something to give those pumpkins the shock they're looking for!
Local A: Hooray! Happy Halloween!
Local B: Trick-or-treat! Give me some candy!
kazuma_halloween: It's still shocking how carefree these people can be.
kazuma_halloween: At least it looks like they've finally figured out how to properly trick-or-treat.
aqua_halloween: Time for the real party to begin! Let's hit all those houses and score as much candy as possible!
ynyn_halloween: If they don't give us candy, we play a trick. Maybe I'll even make some new friends!
kazuma_halloween: Aren't you forgetting something? Those pumpkins are going to be here any minute! 
kazuma_halloween: You could at least act nervous!
iris_halloween: Hehe! Trick-or-treat!
clair: She's so cute!
kazuma_halloween: Even Claire's getting caught up in the spirit now...
iris_halloween: Could I please have some candy, Brother? 
iris_halloween: If you don't, I'm afraid I will have to play a trick on you.
kazuma_halloween: I guess it wouldn't hurt to get into the spirit...
Announcement: Emergency! Emergency! The pumpkins have returned!
darkness: Looks like they're finally here. You ready, Kazuma?
kazuma_halloween: Do you even need to ask? This is me we're talking about. I've handled all kinds of 
kazuma_halloween: dangerous foes before.
Pumpkin Pillar: The day of reckoning has arrived.
Pumpkin Pillar: What will it be, humans? Will you give up your lives, or will you resist and choose death?
kazuma_halloween: We choose neither!
kazuma_halloween: Why is that, you ask? Because once you taste my special sweets, you'll be smitten with satisfaction!
Pumpkin Pillar: We shall see about that, puny humans! Let this food tasting decide your fate!
aqua_halloween: Yikes, they sound like some kind of final boss! Kazuma, are you sure we're going to be okay?
kazuma_halloween: Just watch. If my hunch is correct, everything'll be fine!
ynyn_halloween: I-Is this really going to work?
iris_halloween: I'm sure Brother has everything under control.
kazuma_halloween: Now, face the sweets I've prepared!
kazuma_halloween: Dig in!
ナレーション: Kazuma raised the sweets high over his head and hurled them straight into the mouths of the waiting pumpkins...
