A Party on This Holy Night! - P2
ナレーション: A few days passed after Kazuma left fuming. He whiled away his hours under the kotatsu, wasting away.
kazuma_jersey: Ahhhhhh... There's no better way to spend your winter than beneath a toasty kotatsu. I could stay here forever.
megumin: Kazuma? Do you really want to be like that for 
megumin: the whole winter?
aqua: You should, you know... Move. Your body. If you're 
aqua: not going on quests, how about some dinner with everyone?
kazuma_jersey: I already told you. No Christmas party for me!
aqua: What a hardhead. 
aqua: Fine, you asked for it. It's time for our ace in the hole! This'll change your tune.
aqua: Come on out, girls!
miia_christmas: Ka-zu-ma!
kazuma_jersey: Wh-What is this quackery? Th-Those c-c-clothes...!
darkness_christmas: I-I can feel your hungry eyes.
kazuma_jersey: Are those...Santa dresses?!
wiz_christmas: A-Aqua? I still don't get why I'm a part of this...
aqua: Hehe. Because Kazuma goes gaga for this stuff!
miia_christmas: I dressed up all nice too, y'know!
megumin: Santa's color is red, yes? You could say I'm always dressed festively.
megumin: Nay—I am Santa's spitting image!
kazuma_jersey: No. No, you are not.
kazuma_jersey: I thought Santa dresses were a sight only the popular 
kazuma_jersey: could behold... What a bombshell!
kazuma_jersey: Mia's cute as can be. 
kazuma_jersey: Wiz and Darkness are...looking mighty healthy! 
kazuma_jersey: I like... Oh, I like it very much!
aqua: I think it's time to ask the question again. Kazuma, do you want to come to our Christmas—
kazuma_jersey: Yes.
megumin: Wow. All that deep-seated trauma... Gone.
kazuma_jersey: Such is the power of a Santa dress. 
kazuma_jersey: Nothing moves 
kazuma_jersey: a man more. 'Tis the season, gang! Let's party!
darkness_christmas: This change of heart is...abrupt. But welcome! 
darkness_christmas: I'm happy for you, Kazuma!
miia_christmas: Awright! Meat, cake, 'n' more stuff that's great! 
miia_christmas: Bring on the party!
megumin: Oh, brother. And I'm the melodramatic one? That's Kazuma for you, I guess.
aqua: I'm so glad I made those outfits!
kazuma_jersey: Santa is the best! Everything Christmas is just the best!
miia_christmas: *Nom nom* More fried giant toad drumsticks, please! 
miia_christmas: Ten'll do just nicely!
kazuma: You're insatiable. You know we're still planning the actual party, right?
darkness_christmas: Since we're doing this, we might as well go all in! Let's make this the best party in the history of Christmas!
megumin: Shall I light up the town with a little explosion?
kazuma: No way. Fiery death really dampens the Christmas mood.
aqua: On a night this holy, it's only fitting that the decoration 
aqua: is handled by a goddess! Leave it to me!
wiz_christmas: H-Holy night? Pardon me for making a fuss, but 
wiz_christmas: are you sure you won't accidentally exorcise me?
aqua: Don't worry. If I ever do that, it won't be an accident!
wiz_christmas: Y-You're missing my point...
miia_christmas: I'm good if the food is too! But good eats become 
miia_christmas: great when there's more people to share 'em with!
kazuma: The more the merrier, eh? 
kazuma: Why don't we invite Iris? I think she'd love to join us.
darkness_christmas: The princess of Belzerg, at our party? Would that go well?
kazuma: No harm in sending an invitation. What do we have to lose? If she comes, she comes.
aqua: Hmph. Eris's birthday is on Christmas. She's got some nerve! I'm hoping to turn Christmas 
aqua: into an official Axis holiday!
kazuma: Please don't. You'll only hurt your image.
aqua: You don't know that! 
aqua: Watch and see. Christmas will put our faith on the map!
kazuma: There she goes... This won't bode well.
ナレーション: Though worried about Aqua and her gift for making trouble, Kazuma put pen to paper, and invited Iris to the party.
