Princess Runner - P2
Lizard Runners: Grrr
Lizard Runners: aaaaaah!
darkness: Wonderful! 
darkness: These lizard runners kick even harder than 
darkness: the ones during their mating season!
megumin: Darkness sure enjoys being a decoy.
kazuma: Melissa, how long are you going to stay up in that tree?! Get down here and help us!
melissa: No! I finally calmed kitty down enough to fall asleep!
melissa: Oh, he's so cute I can barely stand it... And he's completely relaxed, too. Look how much he trusts me.
melissa: Hehe, so fluffy... ♪ Such a good little kitty, aren't you? Do you want to come home with me?
aqua: You can cuddle the cat all you want later! We're in the middle of a quest!
melissa: Keep your voices down, you'll wake him! None of you have cats! You can't understand how this feels!
kazuma: ...She's a lost cause. I thought bringing her along would make things easier, but it's the exact opposite!
melissa: I never thought a stray kitten would ever trust me this much. I'm so happy, I could die right here.
kazuma: Oh, forget it! We'll just have to do this ourselves! 
kazuma: Snipe! 
kazuma: Snipe!! 
kazuma: Snipe!!!
kazuma: Aqua, gather them all together with Force Fire!
aqua: On it!
kazuma: Darkness, that's enough! Stand back!
darkness: Oh, but I was hoping to savor this a little longer...
kazuma: Megumin, get ready to use your explosion magic! 
kazuma: I'll take care of any survivors with 
kazuma: Snipe!
megumin: Hehehe... My magic shall bring the curtain down! 
megumin: Exploooosion!!!
ナレーション: The blast from Megumin's explosion magic completely engulfed the lizard runners...
megumin: What a perfect Explosion! It looks like a few were knocked clear by the shock wave, but I'll...leave those...to...you...
kazuma: Great job, Megumin. Rest easy. 
kazuma: As for the last few...
Princess Runner: Graaah!
kazuma: Hm? What's that sound?
darkness: Kazuma, above you! It's a princess runner!
Princess Runner: Kreeeeeegh!!!
kazuma: A princess runner fell out of the sky last time, too! 
kazuma: What a cheap recycled gag!
kazuma: Gl
kazuma: urk!
Aqua, Megumin, Darkness: Kazumaaa!!!
aqua: His neck's twisted to a weird angle again!
megumin: Melissa! Leave the cat and help us!
melissa: Oh, dear. *Sigh* If I must...
kazuma: Stupid princess runners... I hate them. I'm never fighting another lizard runner as long as I live...
ナレーション: As his consciousness faded, Kazuma made a solemn vow...
