God's Blessing on Those from Re:ZERO! - P5
kazuma: What?! I thought this guy was just a kook 
kazuma: with some loose screws!
darkness: *Pant pant* It...feels like my armor...
darkness: is being crushed...in the grip of a powerful hand!
petelgeuse: Love! Love, love, love, love! 
petelgeuse: The witch's love shall be repaid!
darkness: Heh! I couldn't ask for better! Come at me!
kazuma: I can't see anything...but it definitely feels like things are moving around us...
kazuma: I've got it!
kazuma: Aqua, summon a bunch of rain! Show this cult what the Goddess of Water can do!
aqua: Very well... Behold my divine power! 
aqua: Sacred Create Water!
subaru: Whoa! It's like she's made a waterfall out of thin air!
rem: Subaru, look at the rain! It's revealing the invisible hands!
kazuma: It worked! 
kazuma: Hey, Petelgeuse! We can see your invisible tentacles now!
petelgeuse: Aaaaaaaaahhh!!!
megumin: I'll destroy this evil with my explosion magic!
pack: We've been charging up our magic too.
emilia: Yeah! We're ready when you are!
kazuma: Dodge the Unseen Hands and let Petelgeuse have it!
kazuma: Watch out for that giant toad, though!
megumin: My supreme explosion magic eclipses all other magic!
pack: Don't get cocky! Lia's magic is the strongest there is. Let's show them, Lia!
megumin: Take this! EXPLOOOSION!
emilia: Al Huma!!!
ナレーション: Megumin's Explosion reacted with Emilia's icy spirit magic, creating a burst of vapor far larger than either of them expected...
Rainbow Giant Toad: Ribiitttt... Is this where I end...?
kazuma: You idiot! I told you watch out for the toad, not kill it!
subaru: What are we going to do?! Are we stuck here?!
pack: Calm down. Look. The toad is dissolving into particles of light.
petelgeuse: For love! Love, love, love, love, loooooovvv—
emilia: He disappeared into the light...
emilia: Puck, is that what happened to us before?
pack: It would seem so. I sense a familiar mana... 
pack: If we go into the light, we should be able to return home.
subaru: Nice! I thought we'd blown it for sure, but we've gotten lucky!
rem: We must hurry before the light dissipates. It would seem 
rem: we do not have time for a proper farewell.
emilia: Kazuma! Everyone! I know we weren't here for very long, but it's been a lot of fun!
kazuma: Same here! It was nice meeting someone else who was 
kazuma: sent to another world. Good luck back in yours, Subaru!
subaru: Thanks! Good luck in yours, too!
aqua: Oh, and good luck with that Royal Selection thing. 
aqua: Subaru, make sure to support Emilia, got it?
subaru: You can count on me! Goodbye! Thanks again for the help!
Everyone: Until we meet again!
megumin: Well, it looks like they're gone. What an interesting bunch.
darkness: Yeah, I hope we can see them again someday.
aqua: That reminds me... I promised to reward the Axis Followers who helped us out with a nice meal... 
aqua: But I'm a little short on funds.
aqua: Kazuma, would you lend me some money?
kazuma: What?! I just gave you pocket money yesterday!
subaru: Ungh...
subaru: ...
rem: Subaru, you're finally awake!
subaru: Huh? Rem? Where is everyone? Did Mili and Puck make it back safely?
rem: Make it...back? What do you mean? Were you having 
rem: another strange dream, Subaru?
subaru: A dream? 
subaru: No, remember, that giant frog swallowed all of us and...
rem: You must still be a little dazed. I was so startled. You collapsed from anemia while working in the garden.
subaru: Really...? So it was all a dream...? Ha! For a dream, 
subaru: it sure was realistic.
pack: What kind of dream was it?
subaru: What the—?! Puck?! Mili?!
emilia: I was worried when I heard you were ill. Are you feeling better?
subaru: Yeah, I'm good as new! I promise, Mili!
subaru: I'll support you!
emilia: Support? What are you talking about?
subaru: Huh? That's strange... I feel like I promised someone that I'd support you 'til the end.
pack: You must still be waking up from that dream.
subaru: Right... 
subaru: My dream... 
subaru: Ah well, I'll still help you out! I'll assist you however I can, Mili!
ナレーション: Though he couldn't quite remember the voice from his strikingly realistic dream, Subaru swore to redouble his efforts and keep his promise.
