God's Blessing on Those from Re:ZERO! - P4
ナレーション: Kazuma and company arrived at the location where Rin had encountered the giant toad...
Mysterious Man: Now, repay the witch's love! Prove that you are faithful!
Witch Cultists: My brain! It trembles!
Witch Cultists: 　
darkness: Looks like this is the place. That must be the green-haired man Rin told us about.
rem: Yes, the witch's lingering scent is much stronger here.
kazuma: Are all these people his minions?
subaru: No, look closer.
Witch Cultist A: Ngh... Aaah...
aqua: They're acting just like Dust...
aqua: That guy called them faithful. Do you think he could be brainwashing them?
megumin: And look what he's got behind him!
Rainbow Giant Toad: *Ribbit* *Riiibbit*
subaru: That's the toad that brought us here! Let's capture it and 
subaru: make it send us back home!
emilia: Before we do that, we need to save these poor people.
kazuma: Listen up, everyone. I've got an idea. Arcanretia isn't too 
kazuma: far from here, right?
aqua: Yeah, but what does that have to do with anything?
kazuma: An eye for an eye, as the saying goes.
Mysterious Man: Your very movements are slothful, an error in judgment. 
Mysterious Man: Now you shall reap the punishment for 
Mysterious Man: your sloth!
Witch Cultists: Hrrroooooo!!
Rainbow Giant Toad: *Ribbit* *Riiibbit*
Mysterious Man: I am still unworthy, and so I must return that I might 
Mysterious Man: be set back on the path of love!
Rainbow Giant Toad: Ribbbiiiiiit!!
Mysterious Man: Now, you will swallow me once more so that I might—
subaru: Hold it right there! That's far enough!
Mysterious Man: And who are you?
emilia: Release these people and hand over the toad this instant!
Mysterious Man: Making demands without answering my inquiries? 
Mysterious Man: How slothful! 
Mysterious Man: Fools like you must be removed 
Mysterious Man: to create a witch's paradise!
kazuma: I have no idea what he's babbling about, but it looks 
kazuma: like he's going to make trouble. Aqua, do your thing!
aqua: Leave it to me! 
aqua: Hear me, disciples of Axis! These strangers spread lies to test your faith!
aqua: They call themselves the Witch Cult, and they want to steal the 
aqua: sacred land of Arcanretia!
aqua: You can't let that happen! 
aqua: Rise up, and drive these heathens back!
Axis Follower A: What?! These blasphemers sully the name of Lady Aqua! They must be punished!
Axis Follower B: How dare you brainwash our friends into your heretical cult! Let them go!
cecily: Defeat the demons! Strike down the Devil King!
Axis Followers: Defeat the demons! Strike down the Witch Cult!
Mysterious Man: I have no idea what you're talking about, but...
Mysterious Man: Impudent! Tactless! Callous!
Witch Cultists: Hrrroooooo!!!
megumin: The Witch Cult and the Order are really going at it. It's an all-out brawl.
darkness: I feel kind of bad lying about the cultists...but Kazuma did say it was eye for an eye. 
darkness: His plan's definitely working.
pack: Quick! We need to grab the giant toad while the Witch Cult's distracted by the Order!
Mysterious Man: You would have others fight in your stead? 
Mysterious Man: How deliciously slothful!
aqua: Get out of the way, ya green creep! We're only here for the toad!
Rainbow Giant Toad: *Ribbit* *Riiibbit*
petelgeuse: I cannot permit that. I am a Sin Archbishop of the Witch Cult, representing Sloth...
petelgeuse: Petelgeuse Romaneeconti!
petelgeuse: You...are truly slothful.
kazuma: Yep, I am.
aqua: Don't just agree with him! I'm not slothful! I'm Aqua, Goddess of Water! 
aqua: Idol of the Order of Axis!
subaru: Whatever! The point is we'll defeat you and help Mili return to her own world!
emilia: Indeed! Evil acts must be punished!
