A Dungeon for This Masked Demon! - P2
banil: Doo 
banil: doo doodoo ♪
megumin: Target spotted!
kazuma: Stop yelling, you idiot! He'll hear us!
darkness: Wiz was right. He does seem more cheerful than usual. And it seems he's heading somewhere.
wiz: Quick, let's keep following him.
Housewife A: Oh, my! Is that you, Vanir?! You look as dashing as ever this morning!
banil: And you, my dear, somehow manage to grow more beautiful every day I see you.
Housewife A: Oh, stop! You flatter me!
aqua: I can't believe he can say stuff like that so nonchalantly...
Housewife B: Oh, and thank you so much for chasing those awful crows away the other day.
banil: It was no trouble at all. If you ever need help with anything, please don't hesitate to ask.
Housewife B: You're always so generous. I may just have to trade in my husband for you if you're not careful!
Housewife A: Not so fast, I was here first! If anyone's going to be replacing their husband with him, it'll be me!
banil: Please, you shouldn't joke about that. 
banil: Though I do understand how you feel sometimes.
kazuma: How is he so popular with the ladies?!
wiz: He became popular for exterminating all the crows that picked through the garbage. They call him Vanir the Raven Slayer.
wiz: *Gasp* Is one of these housewives his girlfriend?!
darkness: Calm down, Wiz! You're going to get us caught!
banil: Well, I must be going. 
banil: Please excuse me, ladies!
megumin: Vanir's on the move again. What should we do?
wiz: I guess that means the woman he's interested in isn't here. 
wiz: Let's keep following him!
banil: Good morning!
Boy: It's Vanir! Hey, everyone! Vanir's here!
Girl: Play with us!
aqua: What does that vile masked demon plan on doing to those innocent children?!
banil: I have brought a special gift for all of you today. 
banil: Ta-da!
Boy: Wow! These masks look just like the one Vanir is wearing!
banil: Indeed! These were handmade by none other than me. 
banil: Now you can all transform into me anytime you like.
Boy: I want one! I want one!
Girl: Me too! Me too!
banil: There's no need to push. I made more than enough for each of you to have your own.
Boy: If I put this on, will I be as cool as you, Vanir?
banil: But of course.
Girl: Will we be able to use Vanir's Death Ray too?
banil: That depends on how hard you practice. 
banil: If you place your hand over one eye and wish really hard every day, you just might.
Girl: A-All right, I will!
Staff: Vanir, thank you for everything you do for the children.
banil: No need to thank me. It's the least I can do for those with such an honorable yet thankless profession.
Staff: You're such a wonderfully kind person...
megumin: The women here swooning all over him as well. He sure is one smooth devil.
aqua: He's clearly deceiving everyone! He's nothing more than a freeloading parasite who takes advantage of Wiz's kindness!
kazuma: I didn't see anything deceptive...
kazuma: And if anyone is helping Wiz's shop stay afloat, it's Vanir.
banil: Hm 
banil: hm hmm... ♪
darkness: He went into that cafe. He hasn't done anything suspicious yet...
wiz: The fact that nothing seems suspicious is suspicious! 
wiz: We still don't know why he's in such a good mood either...
kazuma: Hold on! 
kazuma: Look, everyone!
banil: I apologize for the wait. Please, allow me to assist you.
Mysterious Girl: Hehe, such a strapping young lad you are.
aqua: H-He's got a woman with him! 
aqua: She's facing the other way, so I can't see her face—
wiz: That must be her! 
wiz: Vanir does have a girlfriend after all!
kazuma: Wiz, hold on!
wiz: Vanir, who is this woman?! If you were seeing someone, why wouldn't you tell me about it?!
banil: Wiz...
megumin: Oh! This is going to be a disaster!
