megumin: EXPLOSION!
ナレーション: Once again, Megumin found herself engaged in her daily ritual of adding another crater to the landscape.
kazuma: Whoa! That was a good one!
megumin: What do you think, Kazuma? What's my score today?
kazuma: Sound, color, cloud shape, shock wave, crater size... 
kazuma: I give it a solid 90.
megumin: Nice...
megumin: Not too bad of a score at all... 
megumin: Carry me home, would you?
kazuma: Yeah, yeah. You sure seemed extra motivated today.
megumin: You think so? I gave it my all, just like always. 
megumin: After all, as a wielder of explosion magic, I'm not about to yield my title of most powerful arch wizard to anyone.
kazuma: No worries there. There aren't many who care to bother learning explosion magic in the first place.
megumin: That's not true! There are plenty of people who understand the charm and beauty of—
kazuma: Stop right there before you get us in some kind of trouble.
aqua: There's no way I'm going on another bounty hunt! 
aqua: I'm just going to end up suffering some awful incident again!
darkness: If anyone is going to suffer, it should be me! 
darkness: Besides, we can't just ignore someone in need of our assistance.
kazuma_jersey: Would you keep it down? It's too early for shouting.
megumin_pajama: *Yawn* Good morning. Did I hear something about a bounty?
darkness: Yes, I just received a request from the guild. They've asked us to take care of some dangerous monsters.
kazuma_jersey: "Request: Eliminate a monster capable of creating large, fiery explosions."
aqua: Forget it! That sounds like more trouble than it's worth.
megumin_pajama: Did you say explosions?
darkness: A specter has been sighted nearby using powerful magic. 
darkness: Its attacks leave craters similar to those of explosion magic.
aqua: What did I just say? We should definitely skip—
megumin_pajama: Let's go! Come on, Kazuma! 
megumin_pajama: We need to find this monster right this instant!
megumin: I'll defeat this specter and prove that explosion magic reigns supreme!
kazuma_jersey: Megumin, wait up... 
kazuma_jersey: Oh well, I guess she can have her fun.
ナレーション: With that, the group accepted the quest. For some reason, however, Kazuma seemed to be smiling slightly...
