ナレーション: Accompanying Wiz back from her restocking trip, Kazuma and company carried a number of bags bursting at the seams...
wiz: I'm so sorry everyone. I'm usually able to handle these trips by myself, but today...
kazuma: D-Don't mention it. We do owe you and your shop a lot.
megumin: I shop there all the time, but I'd never given much thought 
megumin: to the difficulties of restocking.
aqua: Heavy doesn't even begin to describe these.
wiz: Sorry! I'm so sorry! 
wiz: There were so many valuable items I just couldn't pass up the opportunity.
kazuma: Don't worry about it. We've got the muscle-bound Darkness here anyway.
darkness: Kazuma! I'm still a woman, you know! 
darkness: I'd prefer you didn't just associate me with my muscles...
kazuma: Well, you are carrying more bags than anyone else here.
darkness: Th-That's because as a noble, 
darkness: it is my duty to help those in need. 
darkness: It's expected I use all my strength to—
kazuma: In that case, here's one more.
darkness: Ah! 
darkness: Mmgh...
kazuma: You're enjoying this, aren't you?
darkness: I am not!
megumin: *Pant* I'm getting so tired. 
megumin: Darkness, do mind carrying one of mine as well?
darkness: I-I cannot take on anything else. There's a limit to how much I can— 
darkness: Mmgh!
darkness: 　
aqua: Here, have some water.
darkness: *Pant pant* 
darkness: Thank you. As a knight, I'm a bit ashamed at collapsing like that.
megumin: It's Kazuma's fault anyway! 
megumin: How dare he force all his bags on you! 
darkness: No, it's not right to blame Kazuma. 
darkness: I'm just as much at fault for being so happy to help. I couldn't refuse. 
kazuma: Are you sure you weren't happy for some other reason?
darkness: I-I was not enjoying myself!
aqua: Darkness, you shouldn't try to move around. You need to rest a little. 
wiz: I'm very sorry for causing you all so much trouble.
wiz: Well actually, as luck would have it, I purchased a new batch of recovery drinks. 
wiz: Would you like one, Darkness?
darkness: Thank you. That would be—
kazuma: Hold it right there! Wiz, what's wrong 
kazuma: with it? I know there's something. 
wiz: No, I promise! Just one of these increases stamina past your limits. 
wiz: You can go an entire week without sleep!
kazuma: Hmm... I'm highly suspicious. 
wiz: Well, the taste and smell is a bit intense. 
wiz: It's been known to cause uncontrollable fits of nausea, occasionally. 
kazuma: I knew it! 
kazuma: There's ALWAYS something. 
？？？: Croooak!
aqua: Huh? Why does that sound so familiar?
Mega Giant Toad: Croooak!
megumin: That's a mega giant toad! And there's more than one of them!
kazuma: Quick, make a run for—
aqua: Waaaaaahhh!!! 
aqua: Why is it always me?! 
aqua: Whyyyyyy?!
wiz: Oh dear! Lady Aqua!
kazuma: How do you always get eaten so quickly?! 
darkness: What do we do now, Kazuma?! 
darkness: I'm still too weak to move... 
darkness: Oh dear! What will I do if I get eaten as well? 
kazuma: Stop getting excited at the thought of being eaten! 
kazuma: Megumin, Wiz, let's take care of these things!
