A Quest for This Devilish Little Sister! - P4
ナレーション: Komekko was en route to purchase supplies for the quest ahead—with Megumin and party following in secret...
komekko: What to buy... 
komekko: Well, lunch is a must. Then field rations. Then emergency field rations...
kazuma: Your little sister's pre-quest shopping list seems to consist of food and food alone.
megumin: Cut her some slack. It's her first time.
komekko: Oh, I'll need a bowl for the duck meat, eggs, and rice...
darkness: She's treating this as more of a picnic than a quest.
aqua: Look, she's entering a store.
komekko: Wow. This place looks like it has everything!
Shopkeeper: Welcome, lassie. Running errands for your mother, eh?
komekko: Nope! For myself. I need supplies for a quest!
Shopkeeper: A little lassie like you going on a quest? Isn't that a mite dangerous?
komekko: Nah, I'm tough. Plus, I've got a butt-kicking secret pal.
komekko: 'Sides, I have to do this...for mom and dad.
Shopkeeper: Your parents, you say? And why's that?
komekko: We don't have much... and I know sometimes they go hungry so I can eat. I wanna pay them back. *Sniff*
Shopkeeper: So tender in years...and in heart. For you, my little saint, everything's half off! Come now—what do you need?
komekko: Heh.
kazuma: Your smirking little sister just lied for a little discount. Doesn't that bother you?
megumin: She's a survivor. That's all.
aqua: Try borderline swindler.
komekko: I've got a good feeling about this lake. Alright little goblin, 
komekko: you're up!
horst: What's the problem? Monster attack?
komekko: I need you to drive our targets this way. Jump in the lake and make some noise, will you?
horst: L-Like this?
komekko: Gotcha! 
komekko: Now THIS big boy's a crawfish. Looks delish. *Drool*
horst: This was my purpose?! Have you not an ounce of respect in that tiny frame?!
komekko: Grill it, if you would. Medium rare.
horst: Deaf to all reason, as usual... Fine. 
horst: Order up.
komekko: Yay! Thanks! 
komekko: *Nom nom*
komekko: Now that's settled..it's time to bag a few robber ducks, throw 'em over a hot bed of rice, add some eggs, and eat!
komekko: The quest details are right here.
horst: "Defeat a flock of robber ducks." So this is the quest you took on, then?
komekko: Yep. And you'll help me! 
komekko: If I complete this quest, I'll have proven that I'm an adult too!
horst: By the way, big bad adult, you have bits of crawfish shell sticking to your face.
aqua: Does she normally eat pond fauna...?
megumin: No, only when we don't have anything else. 
megumin: Admittedly, that's pretty much all of the time.
darkness: That demon's at her every beck and call. It's uncanny.
kazuma: Yeah, they might be able to pull this thing off, seeing how well her pet monster's trained.
megumin: Hmph. It seems you've all but welcomed this unholy creature into our fold. I, for one, will not be so easily deceived.
komekko: It's go time! Let's hunt us some robber ducks!
horst: You'll get dehydrated like that. Drink some water first.
kazuma: Quite parental, that demon. 
kazuma: Very strange...in a good way!
ナレーション: Komekko walked on with a chipper step as the party continued to shadow her, each with their own opinion about the matter.
