School Life for This Shut-in NEET! - P5
aqua: Kazuma, you're finally awake! 
aqua: You wouldn't wake up no matter what we did. We were about to give up.
kazuma: Hmm? I was just having lunch with Iris and the others. My perfect school life was going so well...
darkness: It sounds like someone was making him hallucinate. 
darkness: I hate to imagine what would've happened without Aqua. 
megumin: You kept mumbling a bunch of nonsense. Something about dating sims and such. We were starting to worry!
kazuma: Where are Iris and the others?
iris_stealth: Brother?! I'm here! 
iris_stealth: Oh, I'm so relived. I thought you may never regain consciousness.
kazuma: Why do you keep calling me Brother? Are you practicing for a play or something?
iris_stealth: B-Brother? No, that's just what I've taken to calling you...
kazuma: You know, since we're not related by blood, there's no need to call me Brother anymore. Just Kazuma is fine.
clair: Careful, Kazuma Satou! I will not tolerate such an insolent attitude towards the princess!
kazuma: Ms. Claire, I don't think a teacher should be butting into her students' conversations!
clair: Wha—? Teacher? What are you talking about?
kazuma: Erika, I'd love to try some of your cooking next time. 
kazuma: You're okay with that much before we're married, right?
erica: M-M-M-Married?! 
erica: What makes you think I'd ever marry you?!
kazuma: Yunyun, let's take a bath together when we get home. 
kazuma: I was hoping we could pick up where we left off last time.
ynyn: A-A bath? Together? 
ynyn: Kazuma, what's gotten into you?
aqua: It sounds like he was enjoying his hallucination a bit too much. 
darkness: Kazuma, you must come to your senses. Whatever you just experienced was nothing more than a hallucination.
kazuma: Lies! I refuse to believe that! 
kazuma: Everyone was so kind to me! I was surrounded by adoring beauties!
megumin: What even caused these hallucinations to begin with?
？？？: Saaakuuuraaa... Saaakuuuraaa...
darkness: Huh? Did anyone else just hear a voice?
ynyn: This is bad! 
ynyn: Everyone, look at the trees!
Cherry Blossom Elder Trents: Saaakuuuraaa... Saaakuuuraaa...
iris_stealth: The cherry blossom trees are speaking!
erica: Monsters in the shape of cherry blossom trees?! These must be Elder Treants!
erica: I kenw something was off! I don't remember there being cherry blossom trees here before!
megumin: Oh, I remember now. 
megumin: I've heard that Elder Treant foliage contains hallucinogens. Could that be what affected Kazuma?
kazuma: Would you look at that? 
kazuma: A petal landed in my cup. My cup filled with booze. 
kazuma: What a perfect picnic. 
kazuma: Bottoms up! 
kazuma: ...Ahhh, ecstasy!
aqua: It was that petal in his drink!
darkness: I see... So these trees are the culprits. It would be dangerous to let them roam free.
megumin: Gather all the Elder Treants together. I'll blast away all of them with a dazzling Explosion!
clair: Lady Iris, let us retreat and allow the adventurers to do their job. 
iris_stealth: Understood. Without a sword, there isn't much we can do anyway. 
iris_stealth: Please be careful, everyone!
aqua: Alright! We take care of these guys and go back to cherry blossoms and partying!
kazuma: Hold it right there!
aqua: Kazuma? What are you doing? Get out of the way.
kazuma: I will not allow you to harm these Elder Treants!
aqua: Huh?
darkness: Kazuma, what's gotten into you?!
megumin: Are you still hallucinating?! Snap out of it already!
kazuma: I am perfectly lucid.
erica: Then why are you protecting the Elder Treants?
kazuma: That's obvious! They're going to take me back to that wonderful world!
iris_stealth: B-Brother?!
darkness: And here we were worried about you! 
darkness: You're unbelievable!
kazuma: Come, my lovely Elder Treant friends! 
kazuma: Hurry up and send me back to my perfect world of beauties!
Cherry Blossom Elder Trent: S-Sakura...?
ynyn: It seems even the Elder Treants are at a loss for words.
aqua: From what I can tell, Kazuma is too immersed in his hallucination to listen to reason.
aqua: Argh! 
aqua: I'll hold him back while you guys take care of the Elder Treants!
Everyone: Right!
kazuma: Hey, Aqua! Let go! 
kazuma: No! Don't touch 
kazuma: theeeeeem!!!
