A Duet with This Crimson Demon Girl! - P6
ナレーション: After forcibly removing Aqua and Vanir from the arena, Kazuma and company found themselves in trouble...
kazuma_kayoshow: Could you people 
kazuma_kayoshow: get out of our way?! We've got enough on our hands dealing with these monsters!
Male White Team Member: If we force Axel Hearts out, Team White will win for sure. And we'll get our revenge, of course!
Female White Team Member: How dare you steal first place! Do you have any idea how many noise complaints were filed against me for practicing?!
erica_stage: It's not my fault the audience liked us better! 
erica_stage: And you! You're Team Red! We should be working together!
Male Crimson Team Member: You think I care?! I was going to become the next big thing after I won tonight! You'll pay for ruining my dreams!
cielo_stage: S-Stay away from me!
lia_stage: Cielo! Try to stay calm!
kazuma_kayoshow: This is bad... C'mon, Kazuma, think! 
kazuma_kayoshow: How are we going to make it out of this in one piece?!
Axel Hearts Fan A: Now! Throw every last scrap of food at them!
Fans: Hyaaaaaahhh!
erica_stage: L-Look at that! 
erica_stage: It's our fans!
Axel Hearts Fan B: We won't forgive anyone who tries to harm Axel Hearts! Don't worry, your fans will protect you!
Male White Team Member: Gross! There's ketchup all over my shirt! Hey! What do you think you're doing! You can't attack from the stands!
Female White Team Member: Ah! I'm completely soaked in bubbly! I need to change before this stain sets in!
cielo_stage: You came to our rescue?! 
cielo_stage: Thank you so much, everyone!
Axel Hearts Fan A: Axel Hearts is always there to put a smile on our faces. This is the least we could do!
lia_stage: Thank you! We've definitely got the best fans in the world!
Fans: Get 'em, Axel Hearts!
kazuma_kayoshow: These guys are almost as nutty as the Axis followers... 
kazuma_kayoshow: That did help, though. 
kazuma_kayoshow: Does anything go in this event?!
Announcement: The current standings show that Team White has quite a large lead! Good luck, Team Red!
erica_stage: They took the lead while we were busy with those clowns!
cielo_stage: Maybe it's time to throw in the towel...
megumin_kayoshow: We can't give up now! 
megumin_kayoshow: As long as I'm here, victory is sure to smile upon Team Red!
Everyone: Megumin?!
kazuma_kayoshow: So that's where you ran off to!
megumin_kayoshow: I was looking for the perfect spot to fire my explosion magic.
megumin_kayoshow: Thanks to all that special training, I'm in top shape! 
megumin_kayoshow: Today's explosion is gonna be a doozy! 
megumin_kayoshow: And now...
megumin_kayoshow: I am Megumin, premier spellcaster of the Crimson Demon Clan—
Announcement: P-Please, wait a moment! We allow magic here, but explosion magic is a different thing altogether!
Announcement: If you destroy the venue, you'll have to pay for any damages out of your own pocket, you know?!
kazuma_kayoshow: M-Megumin, did you hear that announcement just now?! 
kazuma_kayoshow: Stop before you blow this place up!
megumin_kayoshow: Mwahahaha! Let the hammer of eternity descend unto me!
megumin_kayoshow: Begone! 
megumin_kayoshow: EXPLOSION!
ナレーション: Megumin defeated many monsters with her explosion magic, making Team Red victorious in the Axel Singing Contest. 
ナレーション: But she ended up destroying the venue, which cost us a huge sum of money...
kazuma: All the funds I had saved up...gone just like that. I'm back to questing for pocket change...
kazuma: Damn it all, this is your fault, Megumin!
megumin: There's no way I could resist casting Explosion there! 
megumin: You know how much training I suffered through for that!
kazuma: You're not even the least bit sorry?!
darkness: It's all right, Kazuma. I rather enjoy going on quests with everyone.
megumin: See, Darkness gets it!
aqua: I don't wanna go... I'll just stay behind and watch this place while you guys are gone.
kazuma: You can't buy bubbly without money, you know.
aqua: Well in that case, we gotta find a quest where we can make bank! 
aqua: Come on Darkness, let's check the quest board!
kazuma: I went through a whole competition just for this... 
kazuma: But it's all good. I still have Megumin's reward waiting for me!
kazuma: Isn't that right, Megumin?
megumin: Huh? What are you talking about?
kazuma: Wait... 
kazuma: Are you really going to change things this late in the game?! 
kazuma: You said you'd give me the rest of my reward if I did my best!
megumin: Oh, maybe I did make a promise like that...
kazuma: You remember! Okay, then 
kazuma: tonight, we can—
megumin: But I'm fairly certain I said I'd give you a better reward if you did your BEST.
kazuma: But I did!
megumin: Yes, in the Axel Singing Contest. 
megumin: But what about the Axel Monster Battle, huh?!
megumin: I heard you didn't defeat a single monster in that fight. 
megumin: While I, in comparison, heroically led Team Red to victory!
megumin: Which one of us truly did their best?
kazuma: I-I get what you're saying, 
kazuma: but...but... 
kazuma: I was really trying out there! 
kazuma: Waaaaaahhh!
megumin: There he goes...
megumin: It's his fault for bringing it up here, though. 
megumin: Of course I'd be embarrassed when he goes around yelling about it to everyone.
megumin: But I am grateful that he was there for the singing practice with me... I'll apologize when he comes back.
megumin: Maybe I'll treat him to his favorite bubbly for a reward. Hehehe...
ナレーション: That night, Megumin conscripted Aqua and Darkness to throw a thank you party for Kazuma...
