lean: Hmm... How are you supposed to play this?
dust: There's no point in guessing. Can't we just sell it?
lean: No, it would be rude to sell something we got as a gift.
aqua: Eh? Rin, Dust, why the long faces?
lean: Hey, I have a question for you. Any chance you know how to play this board game?
megumin: I've never seen one like that before.
darkness: Where did you get it?
lean: An old merchant gave it to us for helping him out of a bind. 
lean: He said playing it 
lean: would change our lives...
kazuma: Spaces and dice? Looks a bit like sugoroku to me.
lean: You know it?
kazuma: Sort of. The rules are pretty simple, we could all play.
lean: Could you teach us? It was a gift, 
lean: I'd feel bad if we didn't try it at least once.
megumin: I'd love to join you. I'm a big fan of board games.
kazuma: Should we all play, then?
dust: Hang on a second! If we're all going to play, 
dust: we should come up with a punishment for the loser.
kazuma: Come on, it's just a friendly game.
dust: Just hear me out. The hint of risk just makes the reward that much better.
dust: How about whoever comes in last has to do anything the winner asks?
kazuma: Any...thing...?
dust: That's right. Anything. 
dust: I trust you understand the implications of such stakes?
kazuma: Of course! It's a man's dream come true!
dust: That settles it! The loser gets punished!
megumin: That suits me just fine! The greater the risk, the better the challenge!
darkness: Just imagining what might happen if I lose is... 
darkness: Oh! 
darkness: Kazuma, you must teach me how to come in last!
lean: I guess if everyone else is okay with it, I'll play along.
kazuma: It's cold here, so let's go back and play under the kotatsu.
aqua: "You are licked by a pack of monsters! Return to start!"?! 
aqua: This game isn't fair!
dust: Ah! "You lose your wallet. Go back ten spaces!"? Not again!
darkness: No, I want to be last, but I keep moving forward!
megumin: The competition for last is fierce. As for first place... 
lean: "You lend your friend money and they never pay you back. 
lean: Go back two spaces."... Oh, I was getting so close.
kazuma: "You get sweets as a reward for your hard work! Advance five spaces!"! All right, I'm catching up. I'm going to win this!
megumin: The suspense is killing me! I hate to lose, but who is Lady Luck going to smile upon in the end?
lean: Sorry, but I'm going to claim victory with my next roll. Please...anything but a one!
lean: *Gasp*
dust: ...That's a one.
lean: "You are attacked by monsters! Return to start!"?! No fair! 
lean: I was so close to the finish line!
kazuma: Lady Luck is on my side today!
aqua: We can't give up yet, Rin. We may be back at the beginning, but we still have a chance to turn this around!
lean: This is bad. At this rate, I'm going to be in last place...
Announcement: Emergency! Emergency! A pack of Blood Fangs has appeared! All available adventurers, assemble at the town gate!
darkness: A pack of Blood Fangs? I wonder if Squall had something 
darkness: to do with this...
lean: This probably isn't the best sentiment for an adventurer, 
lean: but this is perfect! 
lean: Looks like we'll have to cancel our little contest!
kazuma: Rin, you sound a little too happy about this. Just so you know, 
kazuma: this doesn't exempt the loser from—
lean: Urk... Th-This is no time to be 
lean: thinking about a game! We need to get to the gate and deal with the Blood Fangs!
megumin: Looks like she wormed her way out of that one.
