Super Hawk Kite - P2
Super Hawk Kite: Screeeeee!
aqua: Waaahhh! There are way more of them than I thought! 
aqua: Darkness, I'm scared!
darkness: C-Calm down, Aqua! You can't lure them into a group if you're running around in a panic!
megumin: Improvisation is essential for any battle. 
megumin: All that matters is defeating your opponent. Now take this! Explosion!
Super Hawk Kite Flock: Screeeeee!
megumin: I missed a few, but the beautiful sound of my blast... Perfection. 
megumin: Aqua, Darkness, the rest is up to you two.
aqua: Who cares how it sounded! The ones you missed are coming right at me! 
aqua: Waaaaaahhh!
darkness: Aqua, get behind me! I'll shield you!
Super Hawk Kite Flock: Screeeeee!
aqua: Darkness, you're a life sav— 
aqua: Huh?
darkness: AH!
darkness: I can't believe it! I'm being trampled by an entire flock of 
darkness: monsteeeeeers!
aqua: Darkness!
megumin: Aqua, would you help me up? I would prefer to not be trampled in a similar fashion. 
Super Hawk Kite Flock: Screeeeee!
aqua: Waaahhh! What do I do?! 
aqua: KAZUMAAA!
？？？: Snipe!
Super Hawk Kite: Screee!
aqua: Huh? That arrow! Could it be...?!
kazuma: *Sigh* 
kazuma: I came to check on you and this is what I find? Aqua, you owe me for the rest of your life. 
aqua: Kazuma!
megumin: No fair, Kazuma. You planned on stealing the spotlight with 
megumin: a cool entrance from the start, didn't you?
kazuma: A-
kazuma: Ahem... 
kazuma: Anyways! Pay attention, they're coming back!
kazuma: Aqua, use Create Water!
aqua: G-Got it! 
aqua: Create Water!
Super Hawk Kite Flock: Screee?!
kazuma: Nice. Now, with the ground wet... 
kazuma: Freeze! Now, Darkness! 
kazuma: Catch them while they're sliding!
Super Hawk Kite Flock: Screeeeee!
kazuma: That should about do it.
aqua: Thank you! 
aqua: Thank you so much, 
aqua: Kazumaaa!
megumin: *Munch munch* Assault hawk meat sure is delicious! 
megumin: Kazuma, more please! 
kazuma: Just a second! The next batch is almost done!
darkness: A fluffy comforter, delicious food, 
darkness: and a vicious trampling. Today was a good day.
kazuma: Yeah, now Aqua should have no 
kazuma: problem getting her beauty— 
kazuma: Huh?
aqua: Hrrrng... So many assault hawks... Someone help...
megumin: Looks like she drank too 
megumin: much. 
megumin: Light's out for her. 
kazuma: And she's not even using the comforter we made. And she says she's a sensitive sleeper?!
darkness: Oh, let her be. She's dreaming so peacefully. 
darkness: Thanks again for coming to the rescue today, Kazuma. 
darkness: I hate to think what might have happened if you hadn't.
megumin: I didn't doubt for a moment. No matter what you might say, you always look out for us. 
megumin: *Nom nom*
kazuma: I'm making Aqua handle cleaning the bath for the rest of the month as payment.
aqua: Hehehe... Take that! The goddess Aqua wins again! Now I can finally get some sleep...
kazuma: Is she actually dreaming about sleeping? 
kazuma: She's hopeless...
ナレーション: Despite being fed up, Kazuma gently draped one of the newly made comforters over Aqua's sleeping form...
