A Duet with This Crimson Demon Girl! - P3
？？？: Kazuma! Megumin! Time to get uuuuuup!
megumin_pajama: *Yawn* 
megumin_pajama: Who the heck is yelling so early in the morning?
cielo: Go change, you two! It's time to jog to the abandoned castle and back!
kazuma_jersey: Cielo?! What's this about jogging? 
kazuma_jersey: I don't recall agreeing your crazy training schedule.
cielo: You're the ones who asked us to help you practice! 
cielo: Great singing starts with a healthy body!
megumin: Is that so? 
megumin: In that case, I'm ready to go when you are.
kazuma_jersey: That was fast! 
kazuma_jersey: I'm gonna pass, though. 
kazuma_jersey: I've got to work on our outfits. Or did you want to wear our usual clothes?
megumin: Oh, I already asked Aqua to start on our outfits.
kazuma_jersey: Hrng... 
kazuma_jersey: W-Well, what about breakfast? It's your day to cook, isn't it? Don't worry, I'll fill in for you.
megumin: Actually, I figured I was going to be busy for a while, so I asked Darkness to cover for me until the competition's over.
kazuma_jersey: Fine! You want me to run?! I'll run!
erica: Okay, you two! Time to begin Erika's voice lesson! 
erica: First, I want you to do 100 sit-ups!
kazuma: Pass! We just finished running! I'm way too exhausted to do any more!
megumin: Kazuma, I believe in you. I just know you'll give our practices your all.
megumin: I'd hate to think about what would happen to your reward 
megumin: if you gave up...
kazuma: Curse yooouuu!
kazuma: That was even worse than I'd imagined. Why does singing practice involve running, ab workouts, and squats, anyway?
lia: Do you two have a minute? The first draft of your song is done. Can you take a break and let me know what you think?
kazuma: What? I can finally take a break?
lia: Haha, sounds like Erika and Cielo are sure putting you through the wringer.
megumin: Kazuma is just out of shape. Not very seemly for an adventurer, if you ask me.
kazuma: You're not doing much better. Your face was bright red and you were gasping for air just as much as I was.
megumin: Don't lump me in with you! At least I don't look like I'm about to pass out!
megumin: I'm so cool that I will do whatever it takes to achieve my goals. 
megumin: Anyway, let's hear that song, Lia.
lia: Sure. 
lia: Have a listen 
lia: and tell me what you think.
kazuma: Wow, it's great! 
kazuma: Although, could you tweak it a bit to make it sound more like something a boy-girl duo would sing?
lia: Got it. I'll see what I can do.
megumin: Think cooler! I want the lyrics 
megumin: to tug at the heartstrings of any Crimson Demons in the audience and 
megumin: lure listeners into the abyss!
kazuma: Lia, 
kazuma: you can just ignore her.
megumin: What?!
erica: You two are perfectly in sync.
cielo: Looks like you made it just in time for the big show tomorrow. 
cielo: You two sure have worked hard!
megumin: Even I'm surprised at how much I've improved over the last few days... 
megumin: I feel like all that practice has really paid off!
kazuma: That training was way more difficult than I'd imagined it would be, 
kazuma: but the results are worth it.
kazuma: Cielo, Erika, thanks for helping us practice. 
kazuma: And thank you for writing such a great song, Lia.
lia: I'm glad you like it.
darkness: Kazuma, Megumin, we brought your competition outfits.
aqua: Sorry for taking so long. I tried to make something that 
aqua: would fit the song Lia wrote.
lia: Wow, they're so elegant!
kazuma: Every time I see something you make, I feel like you've missed your true calling.
megumin: Kazuma, let's try them on!
kazuma_kayoshow: Hmm...
lia: Hey! Lookin' sharp!
kazuma_kayoshow: Well, the size is right, but don't you think it's a bit...flashy? 
kazuma_kayoshow: Maybe more than just a bit...
darkness: I don't think so. 
darkness: That garish gold and those hungry eyes make it look like you enjoy pushing others around. 
darkness: It's perfect!
kazuma_kayoshow: Is that supposed to be a compliment?
lia: Ahaha! Don't worry, Kazuma. You're going to be on stage. 
lia: The whole point is to be flashy and get people's attention.
aqua: That's right! That's exactly what I was going for!
kazuma_kayoshow: If you say so... 
kazuma_kayoshow: Megumin, are you finished changing?
megumin_kayoshow: Y-Yes. Um... How do I look?
kazuma_kayoshow: *Gasp*
aqua: Oh? What's wrong, Kazuma? Your face is turning red.
kazuma_kayoshow: N-N-Nothing's wrong! 
kazuma_kayoshow: I-I think you look just fine, Megumin.
megumin_kayoshow: I'm glad to hear that. 
megumin_kayoshow: I was hoping to hear a genuine compliment from you, but I guess that's asking too much.
megumin_kayoshow: What do you say we do a final rehearsal in our outfits? I want to make sure we can still do all the moves properly.
erica: That sounds like a good idea to me.
kazuma_kayoshow: Sure, I'm fine with running through one final time. It'll help dispel any worries we have before the show.
aqua: In that case, we'll stick around to watch!
kazuma_jersey: How did a final check turn into a full-blown, intense rehearsal? My throat hurts from singing so much...
kazuma_jersey: I should get some sleep. 
kazuma_jersey: I need to be well rested for the show... 
kazuma_jersey: And the reward Megumin'll give me. Ah, what should I ask for?
megumin_pajama: ...Kazuma, are you awake?
kazuma_jersey: Whoa! M-Megumin?!
