School Life for This Shut-in NEET! - P6
Cherry Blossom Elder Trent: S-Sakuraaa... Haaazaaakuuuraaa...
ynyn: Megumin! We've herded the Elder Treants together!
megumin: That's my cue! Time to shine!
megumin: Explosion!
megumin: Heh... Did you see...the way that one blossomed? 
megumin: Kazuma...could I get a recharge later...?
kazuma: Nooooooooo!!! My youthful dreeeeeeams!!!
erica: Kazuma, stop moping already and help us set up the picnic!
kazuma: *Sob* You have no idea what you've done...
kazuma: If the Elder Treants were still alive, I'd be back in my perfect life, enjoying the adoration of beautiful girls!
clair: I doubt that, Kazuma Satou. Elder Treants put their victims 
clair: to sleep, then drain away their life force.
clair: If we hadn't woken you up when we did, you would've been drained until you died. 
kazuma: Seriously? That's terrifying...
clair: Now that you understand the severity, you should show your comrades here some gratitude.
kazuma: Hmm...
aqua: That's right! I just saved your life, you know! 
aqua: That's for sure worth the right to all the bubbly I want today!
kazuma: All right, fine! Thanks, I guess! Do whatever you want!
aqua: All right! Does everyone have their drinks? 
aqua: You know what to do!
Everyone: Cheers!
aqua: Pwaaah! There's nothing like a 'lil bubbly under the cherry blossom trees!
aqua: And now it's time for my cherry blossom party entertainment to begin! First up, the customary...
aqua: Nature's Beauty!
aqua: To follow up, one of my favorite traditional dances! 
aqua: A-one and a-two!
erica: Not bad, Aqua! In that case, 
erica: I'll have to show off the limited-edition Erika blossom pose!
megumin: No thanks. Cherry blossom parties call for coolness, 
megumin: not something cute!
erica: You've gone too far. 
erica: If you're so sure about yourself, then let's just see which is more suited for such an event!
megumin: Fine by me. I already know coolness will naturally prevail!
megumin: Oh, Yunyun. Here, you can have your lunch box back. It was really good.
ynyn: Huh? 
ynyn: You finished it? Wait, you ate mine too?! 
ynyn: Megumin, how could you?!
darkness: Things certainly have become boisterous. My apologies, Lady Iris.
iris_stealth: It's quite all right. This is my first time enjoying the cherry blossoms. 
iris_stealth: It's been more fun than I imagined. 
clair: Lady Iris is so incredibly lovely when she smiles!
kazuma: Hrn...
iris_stealth: Brother, you are rather quiet. Are you still not feeling well?
darkness: Are you still longing for that hallucinated world? 
ynyn: I-I think this world is pretty nice too.
megumin: That's right. It makes me sad you'd rather return to the other world.
kazuma: You guys...
kazuma: I guess I am blessed with pretty great friends.
kazuma: All right, enough moping! We drink 'til dawn! 
kazuma: It's time to forget 
kazuma: the past and have some fun!
aqua: Really?! 
aqua: Does that mean we can forget about me accidentally burning holes in your favorite sweats when I lit the fire?!
kazuma: Huh?
megumin: In that case, can we forget about me getting really hungry and eating your carefully raised vegetables? 
darkness: I'm sorry, Kazuma. Please forget my monster-luring potion is what caused those monsters 
darkness: to appear during our quest the other day.
erica: Um...
kazuma: I take back what I said.
kazuma: I can't stand this world any longer!
