A Quest for This Devilish Little Sister! - P2
ナレーション: Megumin, ready to let loose on Komekko's demonic companion, called upon all the magical energy within her being...
komekko: Sis, believe me—my oversized goblin is good, I swear.
megumin: No, Komekko! You're fraternizing with a master of deceit, 
megumin: one I once reduced to cinders... 
megumin: or so I thought, anyway!
megumin: How can you be speaking so coolly with this...this...thing?!
komekko: Our relationship has a complicated backstory. 
komekko: Right?
horst: Yeah, yeah. What the kid said.
megumin: The time for words has passed! From inferno you came— 
megumin: it is only fitting that by flame you return...
komekko: Wait, sis! 
komekko: Don't explode Hoost. I need him.
horst: You...need...?
komekko: I need food. And he's my instant meal ticket. So, I need him. 
horst: I'm just your freaking waiter now?!
horst: Anyhoo, that's how it is, missie. So simmer down, alright? Either way, this kid's too darn smart for me to manipulate.
megumin: I'll simmer down when YOU'RE simmering in a molten crater!
horst: Well, geez. 
horst: This entire family has a knack for complicating my life.
megumin: No more banter, demon. Prepare to be exploded. Even your soul will be reduced to wispy nothings— 
megumin: Agh?!
kazuma: You're done, Megumin! Sorry about that. My friend loses her 
kazuma: cool when it comes to her kid sister.
horst: Ah... So you were the one hiding in the bushes.
megumin: Release my cape, Kazuma! I will not let this abominable hell imp 
megumin: make off with my sister!
kazuma: You sound like a grumpy old father against his 
kazuma: daughter's marriage. Let's all be mature adults. 
kazuma: Sure, he's got wings, fangs, and is all-around horrifying. 
kazuma: But he seems reasonable. Let's go back to Axel and talk.
aqua: Sacred Highness Exorcism!
horst: Hell in a handbasket! 
horst: Hey, sweatsuit guy, I didn't sign up for this!
darkness: As a follower of the Eris faith, having sighted a spawn of the abyss, I am sworn to take blade in hand... 
darkness: HAAAH!
horst: Uh, was the blondie aiming at me? I honestly can't tell.
darkness: D-Demon filth! You will die for your insult!
kazuma: Aqua, Darkness, calm down! 
kazuma: Ugh, why me...
komekko: Will everyone please stop trying to kill my servant? He didn't even do anything.
aqua: He absolutely did! He existed! Was born! Smite the Demon! 
aqua: Also, there's something familiar about his stench.
aqua: Regardless! Prepare to be sent back to where you came, hell-thing!
kazuma: Is ANYONE here going to listen to me? 
kazuma: ...I don't know why I asked that. 
kazuma: Bind! And you too—Bind!
Aqua, Darkness: Argh!
Aqua, Darkness: Agh!
kazuma: Now. Sit still and shut up.
megumin: You used Bind to immobilize them... That's just like you, Kazuma. I'm mildly impressed. 
kazuma: Now, Komekko, exactly when did you become friends with this demon?
komekko: I dunno. I didn't keep track, dummy. We just were friends. That's how it works.
horst: To be frank, I'm not really sure myself. The kid started 
horst: summoning me and the rest is history.
darkness: You...summoned this thing?
komekko: Yup, easy peezy. The instructions were in a book I found at the library: "Summoning Demons is Easy as 1-2-3."
megumin: Just because it's written in a book doesn't mean it's "easy peezy". What about the sacrifice?
komekko: I used a rat from around our house. It was all bones 
komekko: and no meat: not worth eating myself.
megumin: I-Is that really all you need?
horst: No! No, it's not! I'm a demon for crying out loud! Every time I'm summoned, she throws me a freaking rat or frog! 
komekko: Not EVERY time! Sometimes I don't give you anything.
horst: That's even worse! 
horst: I am a greater demon, ya little bean!
horst: And yet she calls me out for these menial tasks. I fetch her food, play with her—even fly her around piggyback. Like a low-level demon runt.
kazuma: Wh-What's this demon rambling about...
komekko: Chin up, big guy. I'm here if you need someone to talk to.
horst: YOU KNOW MY PROBLEMS! YOU'RE THE ROOT CAUSE!
megumin: You dare raise your voice to my sister, you gray mutant?! 
megumin: I knew talking was beyond your primitive faculties.
megumin: Komekko, take this demon somewhere far, far away—and leave him there!
komekko: Wait, sis! 
komekko: I can look after him. I promise. I'll teach him to sit. I'll even toilet train him!
horst: Do I LOOK like a pet to you?
megumin: For your information, no! A pet cannot be the manifestation of pure EVIL.
megumin: Never will I accept this abomination into our ranks. Hear me? NEVER!
