The Specter - P2
Specter: Grrroooarrr!
aqua: Aaaaaah! That's hot! It's burning my behind! 
aqua: Kazuma!
kazuma: Whoa! Stand back! You're still on fire! 
kazuma: Create Water!
aqua: *Sob* I told you I had a bad feeling about this! I'm the goddess of water! I am definitely NOT supposed to be on fire!
darkness: This is getting dangerous. The flames are making it difficult to get close.
Specter: Grrroooarrr!
kazuma: Ah! It can fire successive blasts?! 
kazuma: I accepted this because the reward was good, but now I'm not sure it's enough!
darkness: That explains a lot. I was wondering why you agreed to this so easily.
megumin: Flame magic may be powerful, 
megumin: but these are no explosions!
kazuma: Megumin, fall back!
megumin: No, Kazuma. I will not back down. 
megumin: Listen up, specter! I find your explosions lacking in more ways than one!
darkness: I don't think it's going to understand you.
Specter: G-Groar?
aqua: I-It stopped attacking... Is it actually listening?
megumin: I thought as much. 
megumin: Out of respect for a fellow practitioner of the magical arts, I shall offer you a personal lesson!
megumin: First of all, the smoke from your attacks dissipates too soon. 
megumin: It completely takes all the thrill out of it!
Specter: Groaar-uh?
megumin: Furthermore, the sounds lack proper resonance! 
megumin: The shape, depth, and number of your craters are all wrong as well! 
megumin: They are all a result of you firing off successive attacks. A true professional unleashes a single, powerful explosion!
Specter: G-Groaaa...?
darkness: I-I'm not exactly sure why, but it seems to have grown weaker somehow...
kazuma: A professional, huh? 
kazuma: Megumin, show him how it's done!
megumin: No need to tell me twice! Behold, specter! 
megumin: The ultimate demonstration of magic's true form!
megumin: EXPLOSION!!!
Specter: Grrraaaaaarrr!
megumin: Hehe...
megumin: Now that was a nice explosion...
kazuma: Agreed. A nice explosion, indeed.
megumin: Facing a deadly foe head on in a battle of magical prowess and prevailing... That is the definition of an epic tale.
kazuma: What are you, some kind of pro wrestler?
megumin: At the end of it all, I managed to prove once again that my explosion magic reigns supreme.
darkness: You sure did. Now that we're finished, we should go file our report.
luna: Thank you for another job well done. 
luna: The reward for this request is listed here.
kazuma: Nice! 
kazuma: It's been a while since we got a payout like this!
aqua: Th-That was really worth this much? Wow! 
aqua: Do you realize how much bubbly we can buy with this?!
darkness: I guess it's a good thing we accepted the request.
megumin: Hehe! And it's all thanks to my explosion magic!
luna: There is one small problem, however... 
luna: We've received a number of complaints lately in regards to the crater you left. 
luna: It's interfering with travel so I'll need to deduct the repair costs from your reward. 
luna: Let's see... That leaves you with this.
darkness: K-Kazuma! That's a bill!
kazuma: You must be joking...
luna: Please make the payment at your earliest convenience.
kazuma: Curses! I let myself be blinded again by the possibility of a big payout!　　　　　　　
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
kazuma: 　　
ナレーション: With no other choice, Kazuma and company were forced to accept another quest in order to cover repair costs...
