Chocolate for This Pitiful Soul! - P2
ナレーション: Aqua and the others went into town to purchase the ingredients essential to creating chocolate...
wiz: Kazuma seemed to be quite excited.
lia: His happiness makes me want to do a great job.
aqua: Yeah. 
aqua: What do you say we go all out and surprise him with some extra-fine, extravagant chocolates?
megumin: Whenever you talk like that, I get the feeling I'm about to see an actual work of art.
lia: I wouldn't mind seeing that, but let's figure 
lia: out what we're going to make after seeing what supplies—
？？？: Oh, please! Won't you sell me just one meat skewer?
？？？: I'm afraid I can't. You just bought some sweets from that other stall a moment ago.
darkness: Isn't that...? But no, it couldn't be... 
megumin: Yeah, I feel like I know those two... Oh, they noticed 
megumin: us and are 
megumin: running this way...
iris_stealth: Oh, Lalatina! 
iris_stealth: Hello!
clair: Lady Iris! Please don't run off like that! We're supposed to 
clair: be keeping a low profile, remember?
iris_stealth: Oh! 
iris_stealth: I'm sorry, Claire.
darkness: Princess Iris! What are you doing in Axel?
clair: Lady Iris requested that we stop here on our way back from some official palace business.
iris_stealth: That's right. The food here is always so wonderful. 
iris_stealth: Oh? Is Kazuma absent today?
aqua: Kazuma is waiting back at the mansion. You see... 
iris_stealth: Giving chocolates to those you care about? I had no idea 
iris_stealth: Kazuma's homeland had such a custom!
clair: Presenting chocolates as a sign of affection? Interesting...
iris_stealth: I think it's wonderful. I'd like to give Kazuma some 
iris_stealth: Valentine chocolates too.
wiz: In that case, how would you like to join us, Lady Iris? We're still buying our ingredients.
iris_stealth: As long as I wouldn't be a burden, I would love to!
clair: I won't allow it! 
clair: If you were to somehow injure yourself...
megumin: Making chocolate? That's a bit of an overreaction.
iris_stealth: Oh, Claire, please... 
iris_stealth: Can I join them?
clair: Hmph! You can beg all you like, but I'm afraid that 
clair: my decision is final!
iris_stealth: I understand. 
iris_stealth: I apologize for asking so much. I was hoping to surprise you with some to thank you for protecting me, but...
clair: Y-You wanted to make chocolates for me? 
clair: W-Well, I suppose 
clair: I could bend the rules just this once.
iris_stealth: Thank you so much, Claire! In that case, I'm looking 
iris_stealth: forward to making chocolate with you, everyone!
aqua: Welcome aboard, Iris! Let's make some chocolate that'll 
aqua: knock Kazuma's socks off!
cecily: Yeah, let's do it! 
cecily: Hooraaaaaay!
megumin: Hooray— 
megumin: Huh?! When did you get here?! 
megumin: And what is that you're carrying?
cecily: Oh, just a little something I caught earlier. 
cecily: I heard you're making chocolates. Would you mind if I joined you?
aqua: Of course not. As they say, the more, the merrier!
cecily: Thank you, Lady Aqua! Hehehe. This is going to save me 
cecily: a lot of time and hassle!
lia: Hassle?
cecily: Oh, it's nothing! Let's all do our best to make some 
cecily: delicious chocolate!
megumin: This sure turned into a big group. That brings our total up to seven people.
iris_stealth: Cooking together with such a large group sounds exciting!
aqua: Come on, let's finish buying everything and head back!
aqua: Why does this always happen to me?!
wiz: A-Aqua! Please don't cry!
aqua: But look! 
aqua: I let my guard down for a second and the cream turned into water!
wiz: A-Aqua! 
wiz: Please don't 
wiz: wipe your tears on my robe! My whole body is starting to sting!
lia: At this rate, we're never going to finish...
megumin: This isn't helping, is it... Darkness, will you help me get Aqua out of the kitchen for a bit?
darkness: Good idea. 
darkness: Hey Aqua, how about we take a break? I brought 
darkness: a little something special from home. Care for a drink?
aqua: Oh, that vintage you mentioned? 
aqua: Yeah! Let's drink!
cecily: Oh, Lady Aqua... You have my sympathies...
lia: She seemed a little happier at the end there. In any case, 
lia: we'll just have to make enough for them as well.
wiz: Lia is right. Let's collect ourselves and get back to making chocolate.
iris: Yes! Let's give it our very best!
clair: Ah... Lady Iris's enthusiasm is the cutest thing. 
clair: *Gasp* I know just what we need!
