God's Blessing on Those from DanMachi! - P3
hestia: Fresh fried cheesy potatoes! Get 'em while they're hot!
aqua: Come one, come all! 
aqua: Hot grilled kraken! Goes great with a bottle of bubbly!
hestia: Aqua, would you mind keeping your voice down?
aqua: Oh, dear. My apologies, I'm so used to having to shout for all my followers to hear me.
hestia: Nnngh... Your follower count is all you have going for you!
kazuma: I was wondering where you two got off to. 
kazuma: What the heck are you doing?!
aqua: We're competing for the "Best Goddess" title by selling food. Obviously. 
bell: I feel like that would only prove which of you is the better cook and salesman...
liliruca: I have to agree.
kazuma: This isn't what you two should be focused on right now.
aqua: Don't worry your pretty little head. I'm a part-time jobs master, I have this in the bag. 
hestia: Hah! I think not! I have a much 
hestia: longer history of working multiple jobs at once!
aqua: Wh-What?!
hestia: And back at home, they call me the fried cheesy potato master. 
hestia: This'll be over before you can say "goddess". 
aqua: Hmph. I guess you'll put up a bit of a fight. 
Axel Resident A: Ah, I was wondering what that delicious smell was. One grilled kraken, young lady!
aqua: Coming right up! Thank you kindly!
Axel Resident B: Oh, I simply can't resist the smell of roasted potatoes! What did you call this? Jagamarukun?
hestia: That's right! It's a popular dish from a far away country, brought to Axel just for today!
Axel Resident B: Is that so?! In that case, I'll have to try one!
liliruca: We should be out searching for this lizard runner, 
liliruca: not selling food. Ais, can't you—
aiz: Hestia, I will take three jagamarukun with red bean cream, heavy on the red beans.
bell: A-Ais...?
darkness: Look at these lines. 
darkness: Both of their stalls are performing rather well.
megumin: People all over Axel are already gossiping about the new food stalls.
kazuma: Why are they so focused on this?! 
kazuma: Maybe we should just go catch the flash lizard runner without them.
aqua: Our sales are still evenly matched... Not bad, Hestia. 
aqua: Looks like I'll have to use my secret weapon!
hestia: Secret weapon?! Wh-What are you planning?!
aqua: All right, 
aqua: time to take this battle to the next level! Behold, the goddess Aqua's amazing party trick!
aqua: Here goes! Nature's Beauty! Who wants some delicious grilled kraken to go with the show?! ♪
Axel Man: Whoooa! Where's all that water coming from?! That's amazing! Oh, sure I'll take a kraken as well!
hestia: Hnngh! No fair! You can't use tricks like that!
aqua: All's fair in love and war. This is going to cement my victory for—
Axel Woman A: Why is my laundry completely soaked?! Who did this?! Show yourself right now!
aqua: Eek! I-I'm really sorry!
hestia: Hehehe... What a shoddy goddess of water. 
hestia: While she's distracted, my sales will—
Potato: Puh-puh-puh-puh-taytooo!
hestia: Aaahhh! What's gotten into these potatoes all of a sudden?!
Potato: Puh-puh-puh-puh-taytooo!
Axel Man: Aaaaaaugh! The potatoes are attacking us!
Axel Woman B: Somebody's ruined all my clean laundry too! Just wait until I catch the person responsible!
Aqua, Hestia: Eeeeeek!
kazuma: What are you doing, you pair of useless goddesses?!
kazuma: *Sigh* That's finally over. Apologizing for flood damages, rounding up loose potatoes... What are we even doing?
bell: That was tough, 
bell: but look over there.
aqua: You're suffering from debt too? What a coincidence! 
aqua: We should celebrate our fateful encounter with some bubbly!
hestia: Mmm... I could drink this all day. We're actually quite 
hestia: alike, Aqua. I think we're going to be great friends!
darkness: It seems they've bonded over...common interests.
kazuma: Two useless peas in a pod. 
hestia: Bell, why don't you join us and have some bubbly? 
hestia: I'm not about to let you sleep anytime soon.
bell: G-Goddess! 
bell: Don't grab 
bell: on so tightly!
liliruca_lightcloth: Hey! Hestia, no fair! 
liliruca_lightcloth: You can't hog Bell all to yourself!
aiz: Bell, are you all right? You seem a bit distressed.
kazuma: Hmph! These beautiful girls are fawning all over this Bell! 
kazuma: Some guys have all the luck!
bell: Kazuma, now that my goddess and Aqua have made up, 
bell: let's go see if we can't locate that flash lizard runner tomorr—
kazuma: Dammit! I can't stand people like you!
bell: Huh?! Did I do something to make him angry?!
