ナレーション: One day, at an Axel Hearts meet and greet...
cielo_stage: Get awaaaaaaaaaaaay!
Fan: Nuh-hrrrgh!
kazuma: S-Sorry about that, sir! 
kazuma: Cielo, take deep breaths—and put these gloves on!
cielo_stage: Don't touch meeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
kazuma: Hwa-
kazuma: hurrrrrrrrrgh!
cielo_stage: *Pant pant* 
cielo_stage: Oh no! 
cielo_stage: I'm SO sorry!
Fan: D-Don't worry, dear Cielo. It was a wonderful punch, complete with a strong follow-through...
kazuma: Th-Thank you all for coming to the meet and greet. Today's session is officially over...!
lia: Don't get so down, Cielo. After all, even the fan you hit 
lia: said it wasn't a big deal.
erica: Yeah, he left with a smile...after regaining consciousness.
cielo: Even if he said it was okay, I still punched a fan again... I'm sorry for letting you down... again... 
cielo: *Sigh*
kazuma: Her spirits are low, to say the least.
lia: But her fear of men isn't something she can just get over—
erica: Actually, she CAN get over it. And I know how!
kazuma: So you're a psychologist now?! 
kazuma: By all means, elaborate.
erica: A Great Wizard variant was spotted eastward. Apparently its unique spells can make the heart... race. 
cielo: Stop speaking in riddles. You mean it casts love spells? But how will that help me? 
erica: Do I have to spell it out for you? Fear and love are polar opposites. 
erica: Better to be love-stricken than fear-stricken.
erica: For example, if you were head over heels for Kazuma, 
erica: you'd have no problems shaking his hand. Or even hugging him!
kazuma: Wha...?!
cielo: Me? In love with Kazuma?! 
cielo: H-Hmm...
kazuma: Be still, my pounding heart. 
cielo: Th-There's no way to test this theory 
cielo: out though.
kazuma: Geez, Erika. Way to catch a guy off guard! 
kazuma: But this feeling! This fluttering... Am I the one that's...stricken?
erica: You didn't say no, though! I think that proves it's more than worth a shot. 
erica: Well?
lia: Maybe we can make a quest of it. A breath of fresh air would be good, regardless of whether the spell works or not.
cielo: L-Let's do it. A quest could be just what the doctor ordered.
cielo: I've caused you girls enough problems. Kazuma too. I'm willing to try whatever it takes. 
kazuma: I'll accompany you. As Axel Heart's producer, it's my 
kazuma: professional duty.
erica: Then it's settled. We're off to see a wizard, 
erica: a wondrous wizard of love!
cielo: O-Off we go!
kazuma: I have a feeling I'm going to regret this... 
ナレーション: Though his heart abounded with worry, Kazuma and the girls departed for the Great Wizard's wasteland.
