Disastrous Daycare - P2
mel: It's almost down! One more hit! 
mel: Lightning Bolt!
Bro-rillas: Grrroooaaarrr...
kazuma: Nice one, Mel!
mel: *Pant pant* 
mel: Is the baby safe?
aqua: Yep. He actually slept right through all that noise. 
aqua: He must be comfortable because he's got a full belly and clean clothes.
mel: Ah, phew. 
mel: That's good to hear.
kazuma: Hm? What's wrong, Mel? You look upset.
mel: I'm the one who's supposed to be taking care of the baby, but everyone else is doing all the work... 
mel: I feel useless...
aqua: Is that what you're worried about?
darkness: You're the one who protected him from those monsters, Mel. I'd say you did a wonderful job taking care of him.
megumin: Everyone has their own strengths and weaknesses, after all. 
megumin: You know... 
megumin: It's always better to work together.
kazuma: Even if this party has more weaknesses than literally any other party ever... 
kazuma: You've got nothing to worry about, Mel!
mel: Thanks, everyone...
Baby: Waaaaaaaaah!
aqua: Uh-oh. What is it? Do you think he's hungry again?
megumin: We just finished feeding him a few minutes ago. 
megumin: And let's see... 
megumin: It doesn't look like he needs to get changed again, either.
kazuma: What's the problem then? 
kazuma: Well, if nothing else is working, I guess we have to stick to the basics. 
kazuma: Peekaboo!
Baby: WAAAAAAHHH!!!
darkness: Kazuma, you're making it worse! 
darkness: What should we do?
mel: Hmm... 
mel: Go to sleep... 
mel: Go to sleep... ♪
kazuma: Mel?
Baby: *Yawn*
aqua: That was amazing! He went right back to sleep!
darkness: He's smiling, too. I think he likes your lullaby, Mel.
mel: Hehe... I'm glad.
mel: Hey, Kazuma? Would you mind if I held him until we get back to town?
kazuma: Of course not. Here, just be gentle.
mel: Hehe... He looks so cute when he's asleep.
Facility Staff: Thank you so much for watching him, Mel. It was a huge help.
mel: Nnngh... You make sure to grow up big and strong, okay? And be sure to drink all your milk too.
Baby: Gaaa, gaaa...
kazuma: Looks like Mel is the one who doesn't want to leave.
mel: Hrrrnnng... You humans are so lucky. 
mel: You get to be around all these cute little bundles of joy.
aqua: I agree. Human children really are adorable. 
aqua: Although... 
aqua: many of them become corrupt, deplorable people as they grow up.
kazuma: Aqua, could you maybe not look at me when you say that?
mel: Wait, does that mean Kazuma was that cute as a baby, too?
darkness: Hehe... I'm a bit curious as well.
megumin: Knowing him now, it's nearly impossible to imagine.
mel: Perhaps it would be easier to imagine if I did... 
mel: This!
kazuma: Hrng! 
kazuma: What the—?! A bottle?
mel: Go ahead and drink up.
kazuma: I'm not a baby!
mel: No need to be shy! 
mel: Come on, now!
kazuma: Rrrgh! Stop trying to cram that bottle into my face! 
kazuma: Ahhh!
megumin: Mel never lets up, does she?
darkness: And to think she was crying her eyes out a moment ago. 
darkness: This is more like her.
mel: Hehe! That bottle suits you quite well, Little Kazuma!
kazuma: What did you just call me?! Get back here! How many times have I told you to cut it out with the pranks?!
ナレーション: Contrary to Kazuma's wishes, the lightning spirit never did stop playing her pranks on him...
