bell: Hyaaaaaah!
aiz: A solid attack. You're improving.
bell: Th-Thank you! 
bell: However, I still have a long way to go before I'm anywhere near as good as you, Ais.
aiz: Don't be discouraged. I believe you will continue to grow even stronger.
bell: Ais is so kind. She really is my...
aiz: Is something wrong?
bell: O-Oh, it's nothing!
hestia: There you are! Bell, I've been looking everywhere for you! 
hestia: Tch! I see Wallenwhatsit is with you too.
bell: Goddess? What are you doing here?
hestia: Explanations can wait! Come with me, the town is in trouble!
Minotaurs: Groooaaar!
Resident: Yaaaaaaugh! S-Someone help meee!
liliruca: Everyone, stay calm and follow me!
One-horned Minotaur: Rrraaaaaawwwrrr!
bell: A minotaur?! 
bell: Lili, what's going on?!
liliruca: Bell! 
liliruca: I'm not sure. When I arrived, everyone was already in a panic.
aiz: A monster outside the dungeon? This shouldn't be possible.
hestia: The only thing I can think of is that someone lured it here. But how? And for what reason?
？？？: Rwaaargh!
hestia: Whoaaah! What the heck is that?!
aiz: It's glowing. I've never seen such a monster.
liliruca: An unthinkable situation and a monster even Ais has never seen? Do you think this monster could be the cause?
bell: I'm not sure. For now, we need to get these people to safety and take care of the—
？？？: *Ziiiiiip*
？？？: 　　
bell: I-It disappeared! Huh? 
bell: Everything looks distorted...
hestia: I see it too... What's going on...?
liliruca: It feels like I'm being crushed by some kind of power!
Everyone: Yaaaaaaugh!
ナレーション: Meanwhile, Kazuma and company stood outside Axel, wondering why their cage was suddenly empty...
kazuma: I turn away for one second... 
kazuma: Would someone care to explain to me where the lizard runner we had in this cage went?! 
kazuma: That flash lizard runner is so rare it only appears once every few hundred years! The client told us to be extra careful!
kazuma: This was supposed to be a simple transport quest worth a fortune. Do you have any idea how much this'll cost us? 
kazuma: I promise not to get mad, just tell me which one of you left the cage unlocked.
Aqua, Megumin, Darkness: ...
kazuma: *Sigh* Another failed quest, then. Looks like we're going to have to pay reparations.
kazuma: I'm a reasonable guy, though. We'll split the costs evenly. 
kazuma: Looks like we'll have to cut back on meals again, though.
megumin: I was not involved! All I did was watch.
darkness: I tried to stop her! She was too quick for me, though...
aqua: Hey! Megumin, Darkness, we promised not to say anything!
kazuma: You agaaain?!
aqua: I couldn't help it! I've never seen a flash lizard runner before! I just wanted to know how fast they are! 
aqua: There's no telling when we'll have the chance to see such a rare monster again! You can't expect me to pass that up!
kazuma: How could you be playing the victim here?! 
kazuma: You and your curiosity are always getting us into trouble!
aqua: Ow! Ow! Ow! Don't pinch my cheek like that!
megumin: That speed sure was something. 
megumin: I feel bad. It's so fast the princess runner didn't get to finish its marriage proposal.
darkness: Yeah, it looked quite frustrated. I can almost believe the legends of it punching a hole through to another world.
kazuma: Hey, if you've got time to chat, how about coming up with a plan for recapturing a ridiculously fast—
Flash Lizard Runner: Shasha! Sha!
aqua: Kazuma, the flash lizard runner is back!
kazuma: Oh, no way! 
kazuma: Hurry up and catch it! Don't let it get away!
Flash Lizard Runner: *Ziiiiiip*
Flash Lizard Runner: 　　
kazuma: Hey! Get back—
Bell, Ais, Liliruca: ...
Bell, Ais, Liliruca: Oof!
hestia: Ouch... 
hestia: Huh? ...Where am I?
kazuma: D-Did they just...fall from the sky?!
