Chocolate for This Pitiful Soul! - P6
iris_valentine: Let go of Kazuma right now! Hyaaah!
Chocolate Jelly Slime: Graaaaaargh...
cecily_valentine: No, my chocolate jelly slime... What a waste... 
kazuma: *Gasp* 
kazuma: *Pant pant* I thought I was done for!
lia_valentine: Phew... Looks like we made it just in time.
wiz_valentine: Kazuma, are you all right?
aqua: I cast a Heal spell on you, but is there anywhere that still hurts?
kazuma: Rrgh... So painful...
megumin: Where does it hurt? Tell us!
kazuma: My stomach... It hurts so bad...
wiz_valentine: Your stomach hurts? Was that slime poisonous?
cecily_valentine: Of course not! He probably just ate too much.
darkness: ...Ate too much? 
darkness: Kazuma, you didn't eat some of that slime when it swallowed you, did you?!
kazuma: I couldn't help it! A little got in my mouth and it tasted like chocolate, so without thinking, I— 
kazuma: Blergh...
clair: We should be thankful he didn't choke to death.
aqua: I can't believe you actually made yourself sick from eating too much chocolate.
aqua: It's great that you're so excited, but don't make yourself sick... 
kazuma: Hahaha! I'm not some little kid who can't control himself!
kazuma: Are you saying I jinxed myself?!
kazuma: Nooo!
cecily_valentine: Um... I'm very sorry for causing so much trouble.
megumin: You really did make a mess of things! You better pay for the window your slime broke!
cecily_valentine: I am truly sorry. I promise to reimburse you in full.
kazuma: Hrnk... I'm going to be having nightmares about chocolate...
lia_valentine: If Kazuma is sick, I don't think he'll be able to eat any of our chocolates.
wiz_valentine: It's unfortunate, but it can't be helped. What should we do with everything we made?
cecily_valentine: Let's eat them ourselves!
kazuma: Hold on a minute! Those are the first chocolates I've ever been given! I'm going to— 
kazuma: Hrnggg...
darkness: Just accept it. You can't eat anything in your current condition, and they're not going to keep for very long.
aqua: That's right. For now, you just take some medicine and rest. 
aqua: Don't worry! We'll eat the chocolate for you.
kazuma: No... Why did...this happen...? 
kazuma: My chocolates!
iris_valentine: Brother, don't feel so sad.
kazuma: Iris?
iris_valentine: This year was unfortunate, but we'll be sure to celebrate 
iris_valentine: again next year! So, please don't push yourself so hard.
kazuma: Eeep!
cecily_valentine: Kazuma?! What are you—?!
kazuma: I refuse to disappoint Iris and the rest of you girls! 
kazuma: I'm going to eat every last piece of chocolaaaaaate! 
kazuma: Grrraaaaaaggghhh!!!
lia_valentine: Wait! Kazuma?! 
wiz_valentine: If you force yourself to eat that much—
kazuma: This chocolate...belongs to me!
lia_valentine: Oh... I can't believe he ate all of it...
megumin: And after making himself sick already... There's something wrong with him.
darkness: You have to admire his determination. His chivalrous nature is such that he can't bear to disappoint us.
clair: Yes, I salute your dedication to ensuring no one's kindness goes to waste, Kazuma.
iris_valentine: Brother, why would you push yourself so hard?!
wiz_valentine: Just look at the smile on his face, though.
aqua: He's so peaceful passed out on the ground like this. I guess he's willing to live with an upset stomach.
kazuma: Hehehe... Happy...Valentine's Day...
ナレーション: As a beaming Kazuma lay unconscious on the ground, Aqua and the others discussed plans for next year...
