A Fateful Board Game - P2
lean: Blade of Wind!
Blood Fang: *Whimper*
lean: Phew... I think that's all of them. 
lean: Nice work, everyone!
aqua: What do you mean, 
aqua: "nice work"?!
aqua: Why do I always end up wet and slimy?! I'm completely covered in slobber! 
aqua: They've sullied a goddess!
dust: Where is it? Where is it?! 
dust: My wallet's gone!
lean: Aqua? Dust? What happened?!
darkness: The Blood Fangs decided to lick Aqua and soak her in saliva for some reason... 
darkness: Dust apparently dropped his wallet during the battle and is searching for it.
lean: Ahaha... Looks like they both got a little unlucky... 
lean: Hm? Hold on a minute.
lean: She was licked by monsters and he dropped his wallet?
aqua: "You are licked by a pack of monsters! Return to start!"?! 
aqua: This game isn't fair!
dust: Ah! "You lose your wallet. Go back ten spaces!"? Not again!
lean: On my turn, I was attacked by a pack of monsters...
lean: Wait! Does that board game literally change your life?!
kazuma: The events written on the board actually came 
kazuma: true, but surely it's just a coincidence?
lean: I hope you're right.
luna: Kazuma, thank you for taking care of those Blood Fangs so quickly!
luna: I just happened to finish baking some sweets. Please, 
luna: enjoy some as a reward for your hard work!
kazuma: Really?! 
kazuma: Oh, 
kazuma: I can't believe I'm getting sweets from a beautiful older woman... 
kazuma: It's so good to be alive!
lean: Getting sweets?
kazuma: "You get sweets as a reward for your hard work! Advance five spaces!"! All right, I'm catching up. I'm going to win this!
megumin: It would appear that board game really does have the power to change reality.
kazuma: Most of the spaces I landed on were good—having them come true won't be half bad!
aqua: How can you say that?! 
aqua: First I get covered in slobber, and now those other horrible things are going to happen?!
aqua: I can't 
aqua: take it! I can't take it 
aqua: anymore!
kazuma: Hey! Stop wiping your snot all over my clothes!
megumin: Aqua is taking this rather hard.
darkness: She sure is. Dust isn't doing so well, either.
dust: I had my entire savings in that wallet! How am I going to 
dust: survive...? *Sob*
lean: Poor Dust... 
lean: It's partially my fault that Dust lost all of his money. If I hadn't asked him to play that strange board game... 
lean: It isn't much, but take this for you living expenses. You can pay me back once you're back on your feet.
dust: Y-You're a lifesaver! 
dust: With this much, I can afford a single go at the casino! 
dust: I'll pay you back in no time!
lean: Wh-What ?! That's not for gambling!
darkness: Rin, I don't think you'll be getting that money back.
lean: What? Why do you say—?
lean: "You lend your friend money and they never pay you back. 
lean: Go back two spaces."... Oh, I was getting so close.
lean: Oh, I completely forgot... 
megumin: Rin is having a hard time as well. I never thought a game could be so dangerous.
darkness: You're right. We should secure it in the Dustiness family vault so it can't hurt anyone else.
lean: I would really appreciate that.
kazuma: Hey, don't look so depressed. Dinner's on me tonight. 
kazuma: Let's forget our troubles and have a party!
aqua: Really?! Kazuma, you're being awfully generous today!
megumin: He's probably just excited imagining what's happening next.
kazuma: Oh, stop complaining and accept my generosity, will you? 
kazuma: Would you like to join us, Rin?
lean: Are you sure? 
lean: Well if you insist, I happily accept!
ナレーション: Kazuma, Rin, and the others enjoyed a nice meal...but as expected, Dust never did return the money he borrowed...
