ナレーション: Spring had arrived, and with it came cherry blossoms. Erika was enjoying herself, dressed in a special outfit...
erica_school: I just love my skirt! ♪ 
erica_school: So fluttery and cute! ♪ 
erica_school: What's with the sudden request to wear a school uniform, though?
kazuma: I just can't get my perfect school life out of my head. 
kazuma: I thought seeing these uniforms would help ease the pain.
kazuma: I got a little carried away and ended up making one for Iris too, so I sent it to her.
erica_school: Kazuma, that's kinda sad.
kazuma: I-It is not!
erica_school: Still, these clothes really are super cute. 
erica_school:  I know! Let's make these our new Axel Hearts costumes!
kazuma: Well, I've still only made these so far. That might take a while.
erica_school: Well, boo. I look a hundred times cuter with this on. 
erica_school: You want to wear one too, don't you Lia?
lia: Maybe a little. More than anything, it and the cherry blossoms remind me 
lia: of my high school entrance ceremony.
cielo: Entrance ceremony? Is that some sort of ritual?
lia: Where I'm from, we have places called schools where we gather to learn. Entrance ceremonies signify the start of the year.
erica_school: Oh, so that means these are special clothes! 
erica_school: That would explain why they're so cute.
lia: Well, we wear them every day we go to school, but the 
lia: entrance ceremony day is a special one.
cielo: I see... 
cielo: What sort of ceremony was it, Lia?
erica_school: I want to know too! With clothes as cute as these, I bet 
erica_school: you do performances and stuff, huh?
lia: Um... 
lia: Sorry, but I don't really know.
erica_school: You don't know? How come?
lia: I ended up coming to Axel just before my entrance ceremony, so I never actually got to participate.
lia: I still wish I could've experienced it, but...
kazuma: Who would have guessed a school uniform would lead to me learning more about Lia's past...
cielo: I see... That's too bad.
cecily: It really is! To be unable to participate even though you 
cecily: want to... I know exactly what that feels like, Lia!
lia: Cecily?!
kazuma: Where the heck—?! 
kazuma: You're way to good at creeping...
cecily: I've had a similar experience myself.
cecily: Once a year the Eris Order hands out delicious cake, but I've never managed to snatch one!
cecily: Being the only one left out feels awful! We must help Lia! 
cecily: Don't you agree, Kazuma?!
kazuma: I-I don't think it's that big of a—
cecily: Let's organize our own entrance ceremony!
erica_school: Hey, that's a great idea! I bet it would be loads of fun with everyone 
erica_school: wearing these cute uniforms.
cielo: I agree. It's the right time of year too, isn't it? 
cielo: What do you say, Lia?!
lia: You guys... 
lia: But Erika's the only one with a uniform and I don't think I could fit hers.
erica_school: I'm sure Kazuma can do something about that. 
erica_school: Isn't that right, Producer?
cielo: Please, Kazuma? Can't you do something? 
kazuma: Okay, fine! Just stop looking at me like that! 
kazuma: I'll figure out some way to pull it off...
lia: Kazuma... 
lia: Thank you!
lia_school: This is amazing. You did all this in only a few days?
kazuma_school: We have to do this before the cherry blossoms are gone. And Aqua's never busy so I had her lend me a hand.
cielo: That looks great. I kind of want one too, now...
erica_school: Wow! Lia, you look so cool with that on! Hehe! 
erica_school: Now we just need to have Yunyun take a picture!
lia_school: E-Erika! Could you not grab on so tight...
cecily: *Pant pant* Two beauties in uniforms! This is almost too much for my 
cecily: eyes to handle!
kazuma_school: Cecily, I hate to interrupt your 
kazuma_school: fit of excitement, but is it really okay to do this here?
cecily: Of course! I'm in charge of this space, after all. Unless something huge happens, no one will bother us here.
cecily: So relax and enjoy your entrance cere—
Announcement: Emergency! Monsters spotted just outside town! All adventurers, assemble at the town gate immediately!
lia_school: Monsters?! 
lia_school: Why now of all times?!
cielo: Monsters do tend to grow more active in the spring.
erica_school: What should we do, Kazuma?
kazuma_school: Don't look at me. This is Lia's decision. What do you want? Should we continue the ceremony?
lia_school: No, 
lia_school: we can't ignore a group of dangerous monsters.
ナレーション: With no time to change, Kazuma and company hurry to the town gate to defend it against the monsters...
