megumin: I'm back.
kazuma: Welcome home. 
kazuma: Megumin, do you know where this came from? 
megumin: Huh?
darkness: Lalala ♪ Knitting sure is fun! So much fun!
megumin: What is happening? 
aqua: She's been like that all morning.
megumin: Dearest Darkness, is everything okay? 
darkness: Oh, welcome back, Megumin. I've picked up knitting, you see...
megumin: The thread is...so tangled. 
darkness: Oh, it's not that bad. But anyway, I hope you'll wear this 
darkness: scarf once I'm finished with it, Kazuma.
kazuma: No, thanks. 
kazuma: Wait, why me?!
darkness: Knitting a handmade scarf for a man is an activity befitting 
darkness: a young woman, wouldn't you agree?
megumin: Ah, I have understood the situation. This is about 
megumin: the other day...
darkness: Kazuma! I'm still a woman, you know!
kazuma: Even so, are you the strongest on or party or no? 
darkness: Well, yes... But that doesn't mean 
darkness: I want to have an arm wrestling contest against a group of adventurers? 
aqua: Good luck, Darkness! 
aqua: That muscular guy said he'd treat us all to some bubbly if you're able to beat him!
Muscle-bound Adventurer: Are you ready yet? No amount of talking is going to help you win. 
kazuma: Hah! Don't underestimate our muscle-bound crusader here! 
kazuma: Come on, Darkness! Show 'em what you're made of!
darkness: I refuse! I am not muscle-bound!
aqua: I remember that. Darkness proceeded to defeat every single adventurer who challenged her, 
aqua: but then disappeared.
megumin: Darkness always rises to meet any challenge, 
megumin: but whatever this is now is all your fault, Kazuma!
darkness: What are you all standing about whispering for? 
darkness: Come, gather round. I've prepared a home-cooked meal.
megumin: W-Wow, this looks great, Darkness!
darkness: Pass me your plate, and allow me to serve you. 
darkness: Oh, my. These chopsticks are so heavy...
kazuma: Now you're just being ridiculous.
aqua: What should we do? Luna just asked us to take care of a group of rampaging gorillas 
aqua: spotted nearby.
kazuma: A quest? Considering Darkness's...condition, we'll just have 
kazuma: to turn it down. There are plenty of other adventurers.
megumin: I wish we could. 
kazuma: What do you mean?!
megumin: The other adventurers seem to have lost all confidence in themselves since losing to Darkness. 
megumin: They won't go.
kazuma: You're telling me all those hot-heads lost their mojo at a time like this?
aqua: The report said the monsters are close. If we're going, we should leave as soon as possible.
kazuma: You're suspiciously eager. 
kazuma: Please don't tell me Luna bribed you with bubbly again.
aqua: I-I don't know what you're talking about...
kazuma: Why do I even ask?
kazuma: Darkness, cut the delicate woman act. We've got monsters on our doorstep 
kazuma: that need dealing with.
darkness: Monsters? 
darkness: As a knight, it is my duty to protect the people!
darkness: Oh dear, a blossoming young woman such as myself cannot—
kazuma: I said that's enough! Hurry up and get ready!
