Mega Giant Toad - P2
ナレーション: Helping Wiz with her restocking trip, Kazuma and company found themselves attacked by mega giant toads...
Mega Giant Toad: *Ribbit ribbit*
kazuma: Wh-Whoa! I'm gonna get eaten too!
megumin: Kazuma! We can't just dodge forever! 
megumin: Let me use my explosion magic and I'll—
kazuma: Aqua is still in its stomach, you know! 
kazuma: Are you planning on blowing her up with them?!
Mega Giant Toad: *Ribbit ribbit*
darkness: If only we could find a way to make them throw her up...
wiz: Throw up? 
wiz: Kazuma, leave this to me!
wiz: Hey, giant toads! Over here! This way! 
wiz: And...now!
Mega Giant Toad: C-Croooak?!
aqua: G
aqua: wah!
darkness: Oh! It spit up Aqua!
Mega Giant Toad: Croooa— Blegh!
kazuma: Those things are able to eat almost anything. How did you get it to— 
kazuma: Wait, please don't tell me!
wiz: I gave it one of the recovery drinks. 
wiz: Megumin, now's your chance!
megumin: Finally! 
megumin: Hyaaaaaah! 
megumin: Explosion!
wiz: There, there. You're safe now, Lady Aqua.
aqua: *Sob sob* That...was...so gross...
wiz: It'll be okay. I'm sorry it took so long to rescue you.
kazuma: Thanks, Wiz. Your quick thinking saved the day.
megumin: It sure did. 
megumin: Do you smell something strange, though?
aqua: *Sob sob* I feel even stickier and smellier than usual...
wiz: Lady Aqua, I'm sure you're imagining things. Also, I understand you're upset, 
wiz: but your tears are starting to burn.
kazuma: No, she's not imagining anything actually. 
kazuma: She reeks something fierce.
aqua: This is all your fault, Kazuma! Why am I, a goddess, always subjected to such— Hrng... 
aqua: I think I'm going to be sick...
wiz: L-Lady Aqua...?
darkness: You gave that potion to the toad, right? 
darkness: That means...
wiz: However, the taste and smell is a bit intense.
wiz: It's been known to cause uncontrollable fits of nausea, occasionally.
kazuma: You mean this stink is from that drink?!
aqua: Grrrggglll...
wiz: Whaaaaaat?!
darkness: Aqua likely accidentally ingested some of it. 
kazuma: H-Hey, you all right?
aqua: Wiz, could you rub my back? I don't feel so... 
aqua: Grrrglll...
wiz: Wh-Why is everyone so far away...? Please, I could really use some help over here!
kazuma: Nope, we'll let you handle this one. It was your potion.
wiz: H-How could you?!
aqua: *Sob sob* It's so slimy... *Sob*
wiz: Lady Aqua! Please stop crying at least! I can feel myself 
wiz: starting to disappear!
aqua: Grrrggglll...
wiz: Eee
wiz: eeek!
ナレーション: Kazuma and company ended up camping out that night. Rumor has it their mistrust of Wiz's goods also increased...
