A Dungeon for This Masked Demon! - P3
wiz: Vanir, who is this woman?! Are you two dating?!
banil: What in the world are you going on about this time?
wiz: You can't fool me any longer! Just look at you two! She's even got her arm wrapped around— 
wiz: ...Huh?
Mysterious Girl: Ohoho... Thank you again for helping a poor, old woman cross the street.
banil: Don't mention it. Helping the elderly is always the right thing to do. 
banil: Now then, I bid you a wonderful day.
wiz: An old woman? W-What about your girlfriend?
banil: Ah, I see. I was wondering why you were following me. 
banil: You can all come out now!
kazuma: Busted...
banil: It would seem my pitiful shopkeeper friend here has been causing you trouble once again. 
banil: What a ridiculous reason to follow someone...
megumin: So she was overreacting after all.
aqua: See, you should have listened to me. I told you there was no way a demon could find a girlfriend.
banil: That's pretty rich coming from a pretend goddess whose only followers are unhinged fanatics.
aqua: Did you just call me a pretend goddess? Why don't you come over here, and I'll show you who's a— 
aqua: Ouch! Don't hit me!
aqua: 　
kazuma: We're trying to talk here, and your temper is not helping.
wiz: Sorry for jumping to the wrong conclusions... 
wiz: I was just so worried that you might end up leaving the shop.
darkness: Vanir, can you explain why you've been in such a good mood lately? That's one of the main reasons Wiz wanted to follow you in the first place.
banil: Ah, of course. It's not like I was trying to keep anything a secret.
banil: You see, I recently discovered a fantastic dungeon!
kazuma: A dungeon? What does a dungeon have to do with you being in a good mood?
banil: What a silly question! 
banil: That is precisely the reason I work for Wiz's silly store in the first place!
wiz: It's true. We promised each other long ago that we would save up money to create our very own dungeon someday.
kazuma: Oh? I never realized you two had such a past together.
banil: My dream is to build the ideal dungeon with my own two hands! 
banil: That is why I came to work at this one's shop.
banil: No matter how hard I work, I can't save up money. But just when I thought all hope was lost... 
banil: I finally found one!
megumin: I see... That saves you the trouble of having to build one yourself.
banil: Precisely. I'm currently in the midst of remodeling the interior. 
banil: Making the space my own leaves me quite giddy.
banil: Sweeping the floors, polishing the walls... My favorite part is actually setting up all the new traps! 
banil: Bwahahaha!
wiz: So that's what you've been doing. That's a relie— 
wiz: W-Wait, what?!
wiz: If you have your own dungeon now...
wiz: does that mean...?
banil: Naturally. Once the dungeon is complete, I will no longer need to work at the shop. 
banil: However, there is one small proble—
wiz: N-No! 
wiz: You're not allowed to quit!
banil: Excuse me? You can't just keep me there!
wiz: That's true, but... 
wiz: Please stay!
wiz: Remodeling someone else's dungeon isn't right! I'm sure building your own from scratch would be so much better!
banil: You say that, but you're actually the one stopping me from saving enough money to build my own!
wiz: We'll get there! All we need to do is try a little harder... Please, Vanir!
banil: Stop shaking me! My mask is going to fall off!
wiz: I will not! I'm never letting go!
banil: I-I said get off of me, you shopkeeping leech!
wiz: Fine. But I will conquer your dungeon!
wiz: And I'll prove to you that this dungeon of yours isn't nearly as great as you think!
wiz: If an ex-adventurer past her prime can clear your dungeon, that will show just how underwhelming it is!
banil: Hold on, I never agreed to that. The dungeon is nearly finished. All I need to do is— 
banil: Hm?
kazuma: Why are you staring at me like that?
banil: Hmm... Hehehe, how interesting. 
banil: Your misplaced enthusiasm has persuaded me to accept your challenge.
wiz: Really?!
banil: A demon never goes back on his word! 
banil: I shall be patiently awaiting your visit! Bwahahaha!
kazuma: ...And there he goes. 
kazuma: Wait, did he mean all of us?
wiz: I'm so sorry for asking you to come all the way out here with me...
darkness: Well, it's too late to turn back now.
aqua: Just remember your end of the agreement.
wiz: Of course. I will order the very best bubbly I can find.
megumin: Hey, are we there yet? This dungeon is in such an inconvenient location.
wiz: Oh, I see it just up ahead!
banil: Mwahahaha! You have done well to make it this far! Welcome!
banil: Behold, the perfect dungeon: Vanir's Dungeon!
megumin: Heh, what an original name. That wouldn't even impress a single Crimson Demon.
darkness: His dungeon does have a nice, unsettling appearance, though. I sense dangerous traps await. 
darkness: Maybe I'll break a bone or two!
kazuma: And why do you sound so excited about that?
aqua: It may look impressive on the outside, 
aqua: but there's no way a demon could defeat an arch priest such as myself.
banil: Hehehe... Cut to: you in absolute peril, regretting you said that!
banil: Well, shall we begin then? The rules are simple! Your goal is to reach the room on the bottom level of the dungeon!
banil: However, countless traps and monsters await you inside. You best prepare yourselves before entering!
aqua: You're the one who needs to get ready! Once we reach that room, you're getting a goddess's fist to the face!
banil: I admire your fighting spirit. I hope you can keep it up and you don't find yourself crying to go home momentarily. 
banil: Mwahahaha!
wiz: Oh, dear. Vanir went inside. I guess we really have no choice but to make our way through his dungeon.
kazuma: Yep. All right, let's get this over already.
darkness: Remember to use me as a shield if we run into a trap.
megumin: Uh, I think I'm going to wait outside. I can't really use my explosion magic inside of a dungeon, so...
wiz: I'll take the lead! 
wiz: Let's go, everyone!
