A Duet with This Crimson Demon Girl! - P2
megumin: I'd like you to enter the Axel Singing Contest with me!
megumin: I've wanted to try competing in it at least once since I moved to Axel. Would you—?
kazuma_jersey: Forget it. There's no way I'm singing in front of strangers.
megumin: Please don't say that. I'm begging you.
kazuma_jersey: If you need someone to team up with, just ask Aqua or Darkness.
megumin: Don't be so heartless. If I'm going to participate, 
megumin: I want it to be with you!
lia: Kazuma, Megumin sounds pretty sincere. Don't you think you should reconsider, as her friend? What could it hurt?
kazuma_jersey: I said no! There's absolutely nothing in it for me.
megumin: ...Very well. How about this, then?
megumin: If you agree to team up with me, then I will allow you to ask any one thing of me as a reward.
kazuma_jersey: Any... 
kazuma_jersey: one thing...as a reward?
megumin: There, now there's something in it for you.
kazuma_jersey: No way, I'm not stupid enough to fall for that. There's no way you'd do whatever I asked.
megumin: You can trust me, I promise. You can have anything.
darkness: Megumin, are you sure about this? 
darkness: There's no telling what sort of sinister demand he'd make of you. You shouldn't—
kazuma_jersey: Deal.
darkness: K-Kazuma?!
kazuma_jersey: You can count me in.
megumin: Really?! You mean it?!
kazuma_jersey: However, 
kazuma_jersey: I'm going to hold you to your promise, got it?!
megumin: Of course! This is great! I'm already getting fired up at the thought of 
megumin: our performance!
lia: That's the spirit, Kazuma!
kazuma_jersey: Absolutely no take-backs, you hear me?!
megumin: I know. There's no need to keep bringing it up! 
megumin: Hmm hm hmmm! ♪ I can't wait for the competition!
banil: What an interesting turn of events...This should be fun to watch.
kazuma_jersey: You'd best prepare yourself, Megumin! The reward I'll demand of you will make men everywhere jealous!
kazuma_jersey: One thing bothers me, though. Why is she so insistent that I compete with her? 
kazuma_jersey: She sure seemed happy when I agreed to be her partner...
aqua: It reeks of demon in here!
kazuma_jersey: Oh, welcome back, Aqua.
aqua: Thanks, Kaz— Hey! 
aqua: Don't interrupt me! I felt my barrier fall, so I rushed home! This whole place stinks of demon!
banil: Oh, dear. My apologies. I assumed an arch priestess would erect a proper barrier if she truly wanted to keep me out.
aqua: Oh? You seem pretty banged up by the look of things. 
aqua: Did you take so much damage you were unable to heal? 
aqua: *Snicker*
darkness: Vanir, Aqua, there's no need to—
banil: I could heal myself with ease, but the thought of touching the residue left 
banil: by your vile barrier makes me sick to my stomach.
aqua: How dare you insult my barrier! Say your prayers, you masked demon! 
aqua: Today is the day I finally end you!
banil: I would love to stick around and see you try. 
banil: However, my committee duties call. 
banil: I simply haven't the time to best a 
banil: pitiful goddess such as yourself. Good luck to you as well, boy. 
banil: Mwahahaha!
lia: And so Axel Hearts will perform in the Axel Singing Contest.
kazuma: Oh, and after some back and forth, it looks like Megumin and I will be participating as well. Let's all do our best.
Cielo, Erika: What?!
erica: I figured we would be participating, 
erica: but you and Megumin teaming up is certainly a surprise!
cielo: We may end up on different teams, but it will 
cielo: be nice to have the two of you with us.
lia: There's no turning back now! 
lia: Let's work together and give the crowd our greatest show yet!
erica: What are you two going to sing?
megumin: I'm not sure yet... Maybe I should write something. 
megumin: I could compose a song with the coolest lyrics anyone's ever heard!
kazuma: Forget it. I'm not about to make a fool of myself on stage in front of everyone.
megumin: Wh-What's that supposed to mean?!
kazuma: Lia, I hate to ask, but do you think you could write something for us?
lia: Of course. I'm happy to lend you my help, if you need it.
erica: In that case, I'll help too! I can be your voice trainer!
cielo: I'd be glad to help as well!
megumin: Are you sure?
erica: Of course! Besides, you're always helping us out!
cielo: However, keep in mind that training with Erika and me will be quite difficult. Don't think this is going to be easy.
megumin: Understood! 
megumin: Kazuma, we sure ended up with some great friends, didn't we?
kazuma: Y-Yeah... I guess we did.
kazuma: C-Crap! I forgot how serious these three are about rehearsals. I want that reward, but I don't want to work hard for it...
kazuma: I'll have to find a way to avoid practicing.
