Fluffy Monster? - P2
ナレーション: Kazuma and company were in the middle of taking care of a fluffy monster in Melissa's stead, but...
Fluffy Monster?: Gr-Graaahhh...
kazuma: We've managed to weaken it... 
kazuma: Is it just me or is it looking not so fluffy anymore?
aqua: I think you're right... Maybe it's the fighting, but its hair doesn't look quite as unkempt as before.
Bro-rilla: Grrraaaaaarrr!
megumin: W-Wait, I think this is...
kazuma: That's a Bro-rilla! 
melissa: Hrn...
aqua: Melissa, did you really think this gorilla was cute just because it was fluffy?
melissa: I've been tricked! That thing isn't cute at all!
kazuma: Hahaha! You can't even tell the difference between a gorilla and a cute fluff ball. 
kazuma: You call yourself a treasure hunter?
melissa: How dare you make fun of me...
Bro-rilla: Graaaaaarrr!
kazuma: AAA
kazuma: GGGHHH! 
kazuma: No, let go of— 
kazuma: Eeegyaaaaaah!
megumin: Ah! Kazuma's going to be crushed!
darkness: Is he all right?! Why did it suddenly attack Kazuma?
aqua: I've heard that Bro-rillas love training so much that they can't help working out when they see anything weak.
megumin: I see. It seems it was so focused on training that it completely forgot to take care of its hair.
darkness: It saw that Kazuma was the weakest of everyone here. That makes sense too. 
kazuma: Will you stop 
kazuma: analyzing the situation and do— 
kazuma: Hrnnngggh!
melissa: Remind me, who was it who refused to help me just a few minutes ago?
kazuma: This isn't the time to argue about—
melissa: Oh, but I think it is. 
melissa: After all, I'm not the one in trouble at the moment.
megumin: It would appear the tables have turned. 
megumin: Or maybe it would be more accurate to say they've returned to normal.
melissa: My assistance isn't free, you know.
kazuma: I'll pay! 
kazuma: Just hurry up and save 
kazuma: meeeeee!
melissa: It's a deal, then. 
melissa: Now, to take care of you. 
melissa: How dare you toy with my love of all things fluffy!
melissa: I hope you're prepared for your punishment. 
melissa: Haaah!
Bro-rilla: Hrng?!
melissa: That feels much better. 
melissa: It's still not enough, though! You deserve to suffer much worse than that!
Bro-rilla: Aaarggghhh...!
aqua: Ouch... 
aqua: I'm starting to feel a little bad for the monster.
melissa: Now for the finishing blow! Take this, you ugly beast!
Bro-rilla: Grrraaaaaarrr...
melissa: I hope you've learned your lesson. Don't let me ever catch you posing as a fluffy friend again, got it?
Bro-rilla: Hrrrng...
kazuma: This is kinda her fault for invading his territory in the first place, 
kazuma: but I think I'll just keep my mouth closed.
kazuma: She's terrifying when she's angry. How much is she going to charge for saving me?
ナレーション: Upon returning to Axel, Melissa named her price. Turning pale, Kazuma realized once again how frightening she is...
