Chocolate for This Pitiful Soul! - P5
ナレーション: Kazuma decided to kill some time in the cafe as he waited for Wiz and the others to finish their chocolates...
kazuma: Aqua and the others are making chocolate for me even as I speak. Mom, I wish you could be here to see your son grow up. 
kazuma: Today, Kazuma Satou gets his first real valentine!
wiz_valentine: Kazuma, sorry to keep you waiting!
kazuma: Oh, you're here! 
kazuma: H-How did it go? 
lia_valentine: I think everything turned out rather well.
iris_valentine: Claire tasted everything for us, so I think you'll like it.
kazuma: I can't wait! 
kazuma: But where is Cecily? Didn't she say she was making something with you?
megumin: Cecily hasn't quite finished yet, so we decided to give you ours first.
kazuma: Now I'm really curious about what she's making, but it 
kazuma: can wait. Right now, it's time for chocolate!
aqua: All right, we get it. Wiz will start us off and everyone will take turns after, so just relax, will you?
kazuma: Finally... I'm finally receiving chocolates from someone I'm not related to!
wiz_valentine: Hehe... 
wiz_valentine: All right, Kazuma. Here you are! I baked you a chocolate cake.
lia_valentine: I decided to make chocolate cookies. Though, now that I'm 
lia_valentine: actually giving them to you, it's a little embarrassing.
kazuma: Everything looks so good! 
kazuma: Wiz! Lia! Thank you!
iris_valentine: I believe it is my turn. Kazuma, this is the first time I've ever made chocolates. 
iris_valentine: They represent my gratitude for all that you do, so I hope you enjoy them.
kazuma: Thank you, Iris! 
kazuma: I'll savor every bite!
megumin: Now it's our turn. 
megumin: We brought you some bubbly bonbons.
kazuma: Bubbly bonbons?
darkness: They're bonbons filled with bubbly. It's a special kind of chocolate for adults.
megumin: We ran into a few problems preparing something by 
megumin: hand, so we went and picked these out together.
aqua: Store-bought is better than nothing though, right? 
aqua: Happy Valentine's Day!
kazuma: Oh, thank you!
megumin: Happy...Valentine's Day? What's that?
aqua: It's a greeting you use when you give someone 
aqua: chocolates. Did I not mention it before?
wiz_valentine: There's a greeting as well? 
wiz_valentine: In that case, let's try this again. Kazuma... 
Everyone: Happy Valentine's Day!
lia_valentine: Next year, I'll invite Erika and Cielo to bake with me too.
iris_valentine: And I'll improve my baking skills, so I can present you with even better chocolates!
kazuma: Thank you, everyone! 
kazuma: I can't believe 
kazuma: I'm getting chocolates for the first time! 
kazuma: I couldn't be happier! 
kazuma: If I died right now, I wouldn't have any regrets—
？？？: Grrr
？？？: aaaaaargh!
ナレーション: An enormous brown blob suddenly burst through the window, engulfing Kazuma...
kazuma: Bla
kazuma: rgh!
megumin: K-Kazuma! What is that thing?!
wiz_valentine: Is that a slime?! What is it doing here?!
cecily_valentine: Aaahhh! This is terrible! 
darkness: Cecily! Where have you been?! Do you know where this 
darkness: slime came from?
cecily_valentine: It's a jelly slime that I modified to have a chocolate flavor.
cecily_valentine: It's my new Chocolate Jelly Slime!
lia_valentine: Wh-Why the heck would you make such a thing?!
cecily_valentine: I-I didn't think it would go on a rampage! Who could've predicted that?!
kazuma: Who cares about the details, just hurry up and save— 
kazuma: *Sniffle*
kazuma: ...
aqua: Oh no! Kazuma is being swallowed alive! We need to help him!
iris_valentine: Kazuma! Are you all right?!
wiz_valentine: Come on, everyone! We need to rescue Kazuma from the slime!
