A Dungeon for This Masked Demon! - P5
ナレーション: After overcoming various traps, Kazuma and company manage to reach the deepest level of Vanir's Dungeon...
darkness: I can't wait to see what sort of fantastic trap we'll fall into next!
wiz: You crusaders sure are impressive. Even after being knocked around, burned, and nearly drowning, you get right back up.
kazuma: For a masochistic knight like her, this is probably a dream come true.
aqua: That's enough chit-chat! I'm sensing some pretty strong magic up ahead. 
aqua: It's coming from right behind this door!
darkness: Allow me to open it. 
darkness: Hrnnnggghgghghh...
kazuma: Darkness, let me help you out. 
kazuma: Ready, and... Hrnnnggghgrr!
wiz: It hasn't even budged...
aqua: Ooh, look. There's a button next to the door. Do you think we're supposed to push it?
kazuma: Don't even think about it! 
kazuma: Do you even realize how many traps we've dealt with so far because of you?
kazuma: I'm not about to let you press some button 
kazuma: that ends up blowing us and this whole place up! Don't you dare touch it!
wiz: After spending all that time remodeling, I doubt Vanir would rig a trap that would wreck the entire dungeon.
darkness: I agree. Blowing up a dungeon and the adventurers inside of it would be way too far, even for him.
aqua: See? We'll be just fine. Boop!
kazuma: Hey! I just said don't push it— 
kazuma: Huh?
darkness: This rumbling... Did we release more monsters?
wiz: No, look! The ceiling is starting to collapse! Run!  
wiz: Everyone, quickly!
kazuma: *Pant pant*
aqua: Waaah! That was terrifying! I thought I was gonna be buried alive down there!
kazuma: And whose fault do you think that is, you useless goddess?!
aqua: What else were we supposed to do?! 
aqua: Waaaaaahhh!
aqua: 　
aqua: 　
wiz: Wait! 
wiz: Lady Aqua, 
wiz: please let go! Your tears are burning my skin!
megumin: I was so worried you were all still in there when it collapsed... I'm glad everyone is all right. 
megumin: Er, why is the ground still rumbling, though?
darkness: Phew, it was a close call...but we managed to make it out just in time.
megumin: But what's the deal with everything now that the dungeon we were supposed to clear is destroyed?
banil: Mwahahaha! 
banil: You did it! You won!
wiz: Vanir?!
darkness: What exactly do you mean?
banil: You managed to safely reach the bottom floor! Well done!
wiz: So you admit I successfully conquered your dungeon?!
wiz: And any dungeon that someone like me can clear is far from impressive! So...
wiz: Promise me you'll keep working at the shop so we can build a proper dungeon together!
banil: Heh...
wiz: Vanir, please say some—
kazuma: Hey, sorry to interrupt, 
kazuma: but is the shaking getting worse, or is it just me?
banil: Hmph, it seems this conversation will have to wait. You have company.
？？？: Bzzzzzzttt!
aqua: Something just crawled out of the dungeon!
kazuma: Why does that thing look so familiar?
megumin: It's the Destroyer! What's going on?! I thought we already beat that thing!
darkness: It's a completely different size, though.
aqua: She's right. This one's a lot smaller. 
aqua: It doesn't look that impressive either, almost like it was just thrown together.
kazuma: Don't tell me...
banil: That's right! This is actually a prototype that was built before the real Destroyer was constructed!
kazuma: But how did it get into the dungeon?! 
kazuma: Wait, do you mean—
banil: Figured it out yet? The seal holding this thing inside was broken by none other than the four of you!
kazuma: And why the hell didn't you say anything earlier?!
banil: Oh, I did try to tell you. But this pitiful shopkeeper here wouldn't let me speak.
banil: Naturally. Once the dungeon is complete, I will no longer need to work at the shop. 
banil: However, there is one small proble—
banil: Hold on, I never agreed to that. The dungeon is nearly finished. All I need to do is—
banil: Hm?
banil: Hmm... Hehehe, how interesting. 
banil: Your misplaced enthusiasm has persuaded me to accept your challenge.
wiz: Whaaat?! 
wiz: This is all happening because of me?!
kazuma: Damn it! You used us so this would happen?!
banil: But of course!
kazuma: Damn yooouuu!
banil: Mwahahaha! 
banil: Your cries of agony please me ever so greatly!
Destroyer Prototype: Bzzzzzzttt!
darkness: Kazuma! Wiz! Look out! That thing may not look as tough as the real Destroyer, but we shouldn't let our guard down!
megumin: Hahaha! I shall use this opportunity to dispel my pent-up frustration from being forced to wait outside!
