Giant Earthworm - P2
cecily: You say they're attracted to water? Have a taste of this, then! 
cecily: Create Water!
Dark Giant Worm: Rooooooarrrgh!
cecily: Now's your chance, Lady Aqua!
aqua: For daring to ruin my precious followers' festival, I condemn you to death! Feel the wrath of a goddess!
aqua: GOD BLOW!!!
Dark Giant Worm: Rooooooarrrgh!
Announcer: Wh-What a splendid attack! The danger to our Axis festival has been dealt a fatal blow! Crisis averted!
cecily: Are either of you hurt?
kazuma: No, we're fine. 
kazuma: Sorry for dragging you into our quest.
cecily: That's all right. I couldn't very well just stand by... 
cecily: Not while our competition of devotion was being threatened!
aqua: Phew... Since that's settled, 
aqua: get back out there and do your best, Cecily. You can win this for sure!
cecily: Right! Excuse me! 
cecily: Are we about ready to resume the competition?
Announcer: Well... Ahem. As much as we'd like to satisfy everyone who wishes to continue, stage repairs are not possible at this time.
Announcer: Regrettably, the Festival of Axis Adoration is canceled. Please forward all complaints to Supreme Pontiff Zesta! Bye!
cecily: Wh-Whaaat?!
cecily: *Sob* It's not fair... 
cecily: I was finally going to show everyone the true depth of my devotion this year!
kazuma: I-Is it really worth crying over?
darkness: As a fervent follower of Axis, this was Cecily's chance to show her love for her goddess. 
darkness: It must be hard for her.
aqua: Cheer up, Cecily. You more than proved your devotion. 
aqua: What do you say to heading home and sharing a nice bottle of bubbly?
megumin: She's right. While your actions are suspect at times, your loyalty to the Order of Axis is unquestionable.
megumin: Or was there some other special reason you were so intent on winning?
cecily: Of course there was! 
cecily: Just think of what you could do with the grand prize!
Kaz., Megumin, Darkness: Huh?
cecily: Supreme Pontiff Zesta announced that he would grant any desire the winner might have! I could have asked for anything! 
cecily: My dream of an Axis Order executive staff composed of beautiful women would finally come true! 
cecily: I could send them to Axel! 
cecily: We'd be surrounded by beauties as we offer prayers to Lady Aqua! 
cecily: Oh, what a wonderful life that would be! 
cecily: ...That was the plan, anyway. 
cecily: Why'd the festival have to be canceled?!
kazuma: ...I should know by now that Axis Followers are only loyal to their appetites.
megumin: I suppose I should have expected as much from her.
darkness: Still, the fact remains that Cecily gave it her all. I regret that her efforts will go unrewarded.
megumin: True. The least we can do is let her grieve. Her plan may have been selfish, but having your dreams crushed hurts.
kazuma: Aqua, is it really okay for your clergy to want something like that?
aqua: Well, sure. Life's all about doing what you want. 
aqua: Which is exactly what Cecily's doing. 
aqua: Anyway, let's go back and celebrate. After all that hard work today, 
aqua: I think we deserve some premium bubbly!
kazuma: Like goddess, like believer, I suppose...
cecily: Lady Aqua, your kind words warm my heart! 
cecily: I will be sure to claim victory next time!
