Orc Warrioress - P2
ナレーション: Kazuma, Dust, and the others hit the orcs with one attack after another, but nothing is stronger than a warrioress's resolve...
Swattinase: Hehehe, this is amazing. Keep showing me how strong and muscular you both are!
dust: Eeeeeek! Stay away from me!
lean: Get away from Dust this instant! 
lean: Blade of Wind!
Orcs: Groooah...
dust: Thanks for the assist, Rin! 
dust: I knew you cared about me!
Swattinase: Ouch, that hurt... What's your deal? Are you trying to steal my man?!
lean: Wh-What?! Of course not! If anything happens to him, 
lean: I'll never get back all the money I've loaned him!
dust: Wait, Rin... You do care about me, right?
Swattinase: I see. Well, unfortunately you're out of luck. These men are both head over heels for me!
kazuma: Why can't you take a hint?!
darkness: I knew it... These orcs only attack men.
darkness: Are there any orcs left who would be willing to attack a female knight?
lean: Darkness?! 
lean: Why do you look so disappointed?!
megumin: It took a bit for Darkness to recover after hearing all the male orcs got taken out...
aqua: I think she came hoping there might be some female orcs out there who would attack a female knight.
kazuma: Can everyone try to focus, please?! 
kazuma: Megumin, we need your explosion magic!
megumin: Are you sure? You and Dust could get caught in the blast!
kazuma: I don't care! All I want is to get out of here! 
kazuma: Just try to make sure we're not in the center of the blast, and we'll do the rest!
megumin: If you say so... 
megumin: Dust, can you hear me?! Make sure you avoid the blast! 
megumin: All right, here goes!
Swattinase: It doesn't matter what you throw at me, darling! We're destined to spend the rest of our lives togeth—
megumin: Explosion!
Orcs: Grrraaaaaahhh...
dust: Phew, that was a close one. Her blasts are ridiculously powerful as ever.
lean: That's all you have to say after she just rescued you? 
lean: You should be thanking Kazuma and the others.
dust: Yeah, yeah... 
dust: Thanks for coming to the rescue, guys. I owe you one. 
dust: I promise to pay you back someday!
aqua: That's a very Dust thing to promise.
megumin: Still, we did manage to take care of all the orcs. 
megumin: Kazuma, can I get a lift?
kazuma: Coming right up. And nice work, by the way.
dust: Kazuma, we've been through a lot today. When we get back...
kazuma: Oh, I know. There's no need to say anything here.
dust: I knew I could count on you.
lean: Hey, what are you two whispering about over there?
kazuma: You sure about this? I feel kinda bad about you paying after we got most of the quest reward.
dust: Don't sweat it! I only took that job to pay off some debts. 
dust: I'd much rather use it on something like this.
kazuma: Dust, you're the greatest!
kazuma: Alright, then let's do the seasonal special— 
kazuma: ...Wait, did you say "debt"?
kazuma: You mean you gave us money you needed to pay off a loan?
dust: Of course. 
dust: Those debt collectors are all a bunch of creeps anyway. It'll be way more fun to spend it here with—
Debt Collector: All we're doing is asking for what was ours to begin with...
dust: Huh?! Yikes! What are you doing here?!
Debt Collector: Everyone knows you come here all the time. And you there...I understand you also have something that belongs to us.
kazuma: Huh?! 
kazuma: Oh, man. I suddenly don't feel so good. 
kazuma: I think I've got the chills...
Debt Collector: Hm? Playing sick won't get you out of this one.
dust: Damn. 
dust: Run for it, Kazuma!
kazuma: Hey, wait! 
kazuma: Why should I have to run?! I didn't do anything wrong!
Debt Collector: Get back here! We're not letting you off the hook until you cough up every last bit of money you owe, including interest!
kazuma: How the hell do I keep getting caught up in these messes?!
ナレーション: Later on, Kazuma felt a chill move through him. Little did he know, something was stirring in the crater left behind by Megumin's blast...
Swattinase: Hrrrnnng... Huh? Darling, where'd you go?
Swattinase: He's gone... He must have gone home while I was sleeping.
Swattinase: That's fine. My love is an endless ocean, and I have no intention of letting my darling escape. Hahaha!
ナレーション: It would be quite some time before Kazuma realized why he felt a lingering chill in his spine...
