kazuma_jersey: *Snore* 
kazuma_jersey: Stop throwing up in the stable, you useless goddess...
darkness: This guy... It's past noon and he's still asleep?
megumin: Kazuma, wake up! We're going on a quest.
kazuma_jersey: Ungh... 
kazuma_jersey: Huh? What do you two want?
megumin: What do you mean what do we want?
darkness: Come on, Kazuma. Let's find a quest.
kazuma_jersey: I get that you want to go on an adventure, but do we 
kazuma_jersey: really have to work on New Year's Day?
darkness: New Year's Day? What are you talking about?
kazuma_jersey: *Yawn* Can't you just relax 
kazuma_jersey: for one day? It's a holiday, after all. 
kazuma_jersey: I'm going back to bed.
megumin: Hey, we're not finished! And what is this New Year's Day nonsense you 
megumin: keep going on about?
aqua: Hey everyone! I'm home!
kazuma_jersey: Great, as if these two weren't noisy enough... 
kazuma_jersey: Yeah, yeah. Welcome back.
aqua: Let's not forget what day it is, everyone! 
aqua: Happy New Year!
megumin: New Year?
kazuma_jersey: Yeah, that's the traditional greeting. And now that Aqua's 
kazuma_jersey: here, she can tell you all about it. 
kazuma_jersey: I'm going back to bed.
aqua: Hey, Kazuma! You can't go to sleep now!
kazuma_jersey: What, you want to disturb me too?! You should know that I sleep through New Year's every year!
aqua: That's because you were a shut-in NEET, right? Well, you can't do that this year! 
aqua: You're celebrating with us!
kazuma_jersey: I should've known there's no way she could just sit and relax for a change, especially on New Year's...
aqua: Okay... Darkness, Megumin? 
aqua: New Year's is a big event that celebrates the coming year!
darkness: I see... So that's what this "Happy New Year" is all about.
kazuma_jersey: The first day of the new year is called New Year's Day and the first few days of the year are the New Year's holidays.
megumin: Oh, just hearing about an exotic foreign festival makes my heart sing with glee! 
megumin: So, what kind of stuff do you do?
kazuma_jersey: Well, there's a tradition of giving out special gifts. Kids get money from their parents and relatives.
kazuma_jersey: There are also plenty of special New Year's dishes to eat, and games to play on New Year's Day...
megumin: It sounds very interesting... I'm starting to look forward 
megumin: to this New Year's thing!
darkness: Yeah, me too!
aqua: Then I've got good news for you! I prepared a special item 
aqua: essential for celebrating New Year's!
megumin: Whoa! Aqua, what kind of thing did you make? Hurry up and 
megumin: tell us already!
aqua: Why, I'm talking about furisode, of course! 
aqua: I'll get them from my room so you can try them on!
kazuma_jersey: There you go again... Aqua, 
kazuma_jersey: furisode are intricate garments steeped in Japanese tradition. Even you can't— 
kazuma_newyear: What the—?! These look amazing!
megumin_newyear: Wow. These clothes are beautiful...
darkness_newyear: This is your country's traditional clothing? Such intricate 
darkness_newyear: patterns and gorgeous colors—they're lovely.
aqua_newyear: I know, right? I put extra care into making them! 
aqua_newyear: Now that we're all properly dressed, let's do this again... 
aqua_newyear: Happy New Year!
Kaz., Megumin, Darkness: Happy New Year!
kazuma_newyear: All right! Time to show you all the proper way to celebrate New Year's!
