ナレーション: Worried about Komekko, Megumin took Kazuma with her to the Crimson Demon Village...
kazuma: All right, tell me what happened. Considering you came all the way here, it has to be something big.
megumin: It certainly is. 
megumin: This is a secret between you and me, but... 
megumin: I think Komekko... 
megumin: is avoiding me!
kazuma: Wha...?
megumin: She was so cute not so long ago, too! 
megumin: "Hey Sis, I'm hungry!" "Hey Sis, let's play!" 
megumin: "Hey Sis, can I sleep in your bed?"
megumin: "Hey Sis, you're the coolest sister in the world!" 
megumin: She would look up at me with eyes full of admiration! 
megumin: But she's been going out a lot lately and even told me she didn't want dinner once! 
megumin: Komekko would never say that!
kazuma: Okay... And?
megumin: Don't "and" me! She's acting weird! 
megumin: And it's my duty as her big sister to find out what's wrong!
kazuma: You're obsessed.
megumin: What do you mean, I'm obsessed?! This is a very grave matter between two sisters!
kazuma: *Sigh* 
kazuma: Honestly, I think Komekko handles herself pretty well. 
kazuma: In fact, it's kind of scary how independent she is.
kazuma: Is she really acting unnaturally, or is she just growing up?
megumin: But she's just a little girl! 
megumin: I have to look after her or else—
komekko: Ugh, I'm starving...
kazuma: Oh look, there she is. 
kazuma: Why don't you go ask her yourself? 
kazuma: Hey, Kome—
megumin: Stop right there, Kazuma!
megumin: She's usually home by this hour, so what's she doing outside? ...Let's follow her!
kazuma: Wouldn't it be faster to just ask her?
megumin: Th-That would be embarra— 
megumin: Ahem. 
megumin: I mean, I'm all right as long as she's not in any trouble.
megumin: If she's just going out for fun, I wouldn't want to get in her way. I just want to make sure she's safe.
kazuma: Oooh, is that so?
megumin: Hey, what's that smirk for? Let's get going already before we lose sight of her!
komekko: Oh, this is a good stick! 
komekko: It'll be useful. Now I just need—
kazuma: What's she doing out here in the forest? Foraging for food?
komekko: Umm... Let's try here.
komekko: Come on out, big goblin guy!
Kazuma, Megumin: Huh?
horst: Pipsqueak! I thought I told you not to summon me on a whim! 
horst: And what's with that lazy incantation, huh?
komekko: Depends on how you look at it... 
komekko: Anyway, I'm hungry!
horst: *Sigh* So you called me here because you're hungry? 
horst: Do you think I'm your personal chef or something?
komekko: But I'm hungry...
horst: ...Fine, wait there. I'm going hunting. Some of those duck monsters might still be around...
komekko: Yay! Meat time!
kazuma: Excuse me, Miss Megumin? Your younger sister is fraternizing with a demon.
megumin: I can't believe my eyes either. Is that creature her...boyfriend? 
megumin: This is an emergency, Kazuma! Let's go after him!
kazuma: Boyfriend— Megumin?!
megumin: Foul demon! Back away from my little sister!
komekko: Oh, hi Sis!
horst: Who are you?!
megumin: To think a beast I once felled with my explosion magic would harass my poor sister! You are a disgrace to all demons!
horst: Don't just make stuff up! 
horst: I'm not harassing anybody! SHE's the one who summoned ME!
megumin: Silence! 
megumin: I am Megumin! My love for my younger sister burns the brightest of our clan! I shall defeat you once more!
komekko: Wowee! Summoning Hoost also summoned my big sis too.
