Chocolate for This Pitiful Soul! - P3
ナレーション: The next day, Wiz and the others resumed their chocolate making and created a number of test batches...
lia: Oh, these are firming up nicely. 
lia: They're ready, everyone!
wiz: This is only a practice batch, but I wonder how they'll turn out...
cecily: Time for a little taste test, then. 
cecily: *Chomp*
iris: H-How is it? 
cecily: This is pretty good. 
cecily: I think this recipe will do nicely.
lia: *Chomp* Yeah, Cecily's right. These are good. 
lia: What do you think, Lady Iris?
iris: *Chomp* 
iris: Mmm! These are delicious! 
iris: This is my first time making chocolates by myself, so this feels extra special!
cecily: If Lady Iris approves, should we move on to making the final product?
wiz: I'm not so sure... 
wiz: These taste great, but I feel like we should do something a little more special if we want to surprise Kazuma.
iris: Let's see if Claire has any ideas. 
iris: Huh? Where is Claire?
lia: Now that you mention it, I haven't seen her for a while. I wonder where she went.
clair: My apologies, Lady Iris. Please excuse my absence.
iris: That's all right. 
iris: What is that you're carrying, though?
clair: It's a clothing case. I didn't want you to soil your dress, so I prepared something else for you to wear. 
clair: In fact, I've brought an outfit for everyone. Please, try them on.
lia_valentine: This outfit makes me feel like I'm in a real pastry shop.
cecily_valentine: Say hello to Cecily, the beautiful master patissier!
wiz_valentine: Thank you, Claire. You didn't have to go to the trouble of preparing these for all of us.
clair: Please, it was no trouble at all. But where is Lady Iris?
iris_valentine: How do I look, Claire?
clair: *Gasp* Y-You look so precious! I knew that this outfit 
clair: would suit you perfectly!
cecily_valentine: Hmm... I sense a kindred spirit in this one.
wiz_valentine: You don't think Claire prepared these outfits just so she could see Lady Iris wearing one, do you?
lia_valentine: It might be better to let this one go...
wiz_valentine: All right, let's get back to work, then. Claire, would you 
wiz_valentine: mind tasting the samples we've prepared?
clair: Hm... Not bad. These rival what they sell in the marketplace. 
clair: However, I'm worried they all taste too similar.
clair: What if you baked some cookies or cake instead of only chocolates? That way there would be some variation.
lia_valentine: That makes sense. I'd probably get a little bored eating a bunch of the same thing too.
wiz_valentine: I think that's a great idea. 
wiz_valentine: We could bake some chocolate cookies and chocolate cake.
lia_valentine: In that case, let's make some more test batches.
cecily_valentine: Oh, I already know what kind of chocolate I'm going to make. Would you mind if I got started early?
iris_valentine: What kind of chocolate are you going to make, Cecily?
cecily_valentine: Some chocolate-flavored jel— 
cecily_valentine: Ahem! I mean, you'll just have to wait and see for yourselves! Ahahaha!
iris_valentine: I see... 
iris_valentine: I'm looking forward to the finished product!
cecily_valentine: That was close. I'll have to be careful not to mention my chocolate-flavored jelly slime around Iris and Claire.
cecily_valentine: I'll go work in the corner, then, so I'm not in your way.
wiz_valentine: Understood. Let's give it our best effort!
lia_valentine: So Cecily already knows what she's going to make, huh? 
lia_valentine: We should make up our minds too, then.
