A Quest for This Devilish Little Sister! - P6
megumin: And now for the finishing blow—EXPLOSION!!!
Robber Ducky: *Quackity quack*
megumin: Whew. That was so beautifully... 
megumin: cathartic...
horst: Eesh. She keeps getting better at that. I need a bodyguard. 
komekko: Wow, sis, that was awesome!
megumin: Hehe... You see, Komekko? You still need your big sis. 
kazuma: Your declaration doesn't have the same effect while you're limp on the ground.
komekko: You know, you're right. I do need you, sis. 
megumin: You...do?
komekko: I thought I would be good by myself, especially with Hoost. But you proved me wrong.
darkness: That's not entirely true. The jumbo-sized robber duck was unexpected, but you valiantly conquered the normal ones. 
aqua: I agree wholeheartedly! And you got us all this duck meat for a scrumptious dinner!
komekko: Yeah, but...
megumin: Kazuma, prop me up, will you?
kazuma: S-Sure thing. 
kazuma: Up you go.
megumin: Thanks. Komekko, leaving yourself vulnerable to attack 
megumin: mid-quest was indeed negligent. However...
megumin: Triumphing over many a foe so much larger than yourself exemplifies true Crimson Demon bravery. 
megumin: You've grown. Lots.
komekko: Really? So am I a big adult now?
megumin: By conventional Crimson Demon standards, 
megumin: maybe not. But personally...let's just say you managed to scrape by.
megumin: And well...as for Hoost, he doesn't seem to be an immediate threat.
horst: Well I'll be damned...
komekko: Hooray! Since I'm a big girl, I can leave the house by myself! 
komekko: yeah? Now I can see you whenever I want!
megumin: Wha... 
megumin: This is what this whole thing was about? 
megumin: You have always had a flare for the dramatics... 
horst: Tell me about it. It ain't easy playing her sidekick.
megumin: Well naturally! My sister is destined to be a great wizard, dare I say one great as me!
komekko: Thanks, sis! But I'm gonna be even greater! Just watch!
megumin: This day marks the start of your adventurer journey. 
megumin: You'll face trials—quests much harder than today's.
komekko: I can do it! Hoost too!
horst: I didn't sign up for this...but fine, I guess. 
darkness: Heh, looks like another happy ending.
aqua: As a gift to the sisters, I'll hold off on exorcising that flying hell-monkey. For now.
aqua: Well, we've got boatloads of succulent duck. Let's party hearty, eh?
megumin: I'll take care of the food expenses, Kazuma. 
megumin: Tonight, we dine in honor of Komekko's first quest!
komekko: Yay! Thanks a bunch, sis!
kazuma: Glasses in hand, everyone? A toast, to Komekko's very first quest! Chee—
komekko: Cheers!
Aqua, Megumin, Darkness: Cheers!
kazuma: Beaten to the punch...again. 
kazuma: Oh well. Cheers!
komekko: Roasted duck and eggs over rice. Mmm... 
komekko: I could get used to this questing thing.
kazuma: We also pocketed some extra coin for that murder 
kazuma: bear—thanks to you two, of course. So, please, eat up!
komekko: I'll throw Hoost a sacrifice later. Ducks bones or something.
darkness: I'm not sure if that qualifies as a sacrifice... Heh, I can 
darkness: already see Hoost's unamused face. 
megumin: Komekko, you may have passed this particular test, but the 
megumin: path to being the very best requires 
megumin: the utmost diligence.
komekko: Don't worry. I got this. Next time, I want to go on a quest with even tastier game!
kazuma: Oh? 
kazuma: Come along on our next outing! 
kazuma: We could really used the added firepower!
komekko: You got it! 
komekko: For I am Komekko, the Crimson Demons' mini-master of manipulation...and soon-to-be greatest wizard!
