A Bon Dance for This Crimson Demon Festival! - P3
Chieftain: *Pant pant* When I fell from the ladder, I uncovered a horrifying truth. The lanterns I'd brought—had vanished.
Chieftain: This is the handiwork of that trickster, the Bon Dancer!
darkness: Could it really be? I've only heard of him in tales.
kazuma: Will someone tell me what he is already?
komekko_yukata: Are you sure? Once you know, you can never, ever un-know.
kazuma: Okay, I'm getting a little spooked.
megumin: The Bon Dancer: an evil spirit who spreads misfortune to all he haunts.
aqua: I've heard of him too. 
aqua: Apparently, he has an insatiable urge to stand out.
kazuma: Sounds a tad petty for an evil spirit.
Chieftain: The Fire Festival was once a humble affair. We fashioned ornaments from feathers and vied for the best costume.
Chieftain: But it soon devolved into war. Those who lost, who failed to stand out, cursed their plainness with all their hearts!
Chieftain: And thus, from the hatred of the vanquished, was born the Bon Dancer—a living curse!
kazuma: An evil spirit with a lust for vengeance... Yikes.
Chieftain: Yunyun, come. I bequeath this upon you.
ynyn_yukata: A pouch? What's in it?
Chieftain: A charm to shield you from the clutches of sinister apparitions.
Chieftain: Should you meet the Bon Dancer face to face... Nrgh! Open the pouch, thereby breaking its...magic...seal...
ynyn_yukata: Dad?
ynyn_yukata: Dad, no! Don't leave me! Dad!
megumin: Oh, Chieftain!
komekko_yukata: Please, Chieftain. Open your eyes!
arue: Let him rest in silence, Komekko. Our dear chieftain is with us no more.
ynyn_yukata: That can't be. Dad...!
Chieftain: Gotcha! What did you think, Yunyun? First-rate acting, wouldn't you say? Haha!
ynyn_yukata: That WASN'T funny, Dad! Sheesh!
megumin: Oh, get a grip, Yunyun. You're a Crimson Demon too! 
megumin: This is how we roll.
komekko_yukata: Chieftain, that was so cool!
arue: I may have to use this as inspiration for my next novel. 
aqua: It was all an act?! I was totally fooled!
darkness: Hehe... The Crimson Demon Clan never changes.
kazuma: You can say that again. 
kazuma: Anyway, we should get back to work.
kazuma: Now that all the tension is gone, I'm starting to think you just made up all that Bon Dancer nonsense, too.
aqua: People like you are always the first ones to go in every classic horror story.
kazuma: Hey, can you not say stuff like that!
ynyn_yukata: W-Welcome!
komekko_yukata: Sorry for the wait! Here ya go! 
komekko_yukata: One Shining Mystery Fowl Dish!
kazuma: It's fried chicken.
miia_yukata: Three Imprisoned Forbidden Fruits, coming right up!
darkness: Are those candy apples?
aqua: Hey, these fluffy melt-in-your-mouth clouds are actually 
aqua: pretty good!
kazuma: Can't you just call it cotton candy like a normal person?
megumin: Of course not, Kazuma! A cool name is everything! 
megumin: What do you think is drawing in this huge crowd?!
kazuma: I'd say Yunyun and the others are 
kazuma: drawing attention in their yukata, but maybe you're right. We are selling a lot.
kazuma: Hehe... If we keep this up, we'll win for sure.
megumin: Heh, 
megumin: maybe the three of us should start thinking about what to say for our victory speech.
ynyn_yukata: What?! W-We still don't know who's going to win, though!
ynyn_yukata: What should I do? At this rate, I'm really going to have to get up on stage?! And give a speech?!
miia_yukata: What's wrong, Yunyun? You don't look so good.
ynyn_yukata: Oh, u-um...
komekko_yukata: Are you worried about the Bon Dancer?
miia_yukata: People may say he's big and scary, but don't worry!
miia_yukata: If he shows up, he'll have to deal with me!
ynyn_yukata: Th-Thank you, Mia.
kazuma: Mia's right. 
kazuma: There's no need to worry so—
？？？: AAAAAAAAAHHH!!!
aqua: What now?!
megumin: That was Arue's voice! 
megumin: It came from the shrine! Let's go!
ynyn_yukata: This is terrible. All the paper lanterns used to decorate the festival have disappeared.
miia_yukata: Kazuma, look at this!
kazuma: What's this...? 
kazuma: Arue's eyepatch?!
megumin: That's Arue's most prized possession! There's no way she'd just leave it lying around!
komekko_yukata: It must be the curse of the Bon Dancer!
aqua: A curse? But there's no such thing!
darkness: The stories do say it's a rabid attention seeker. 
darkness: Stealing lanterns certainly fits that description.
kazuma: This curse thing isn't actually real, is it?! 
kazuma: I'm seriously freaking out over here!
megumin: What's most important is finding Arue!
