Chocolate for This Pitiful Soul! - P1
ナレーション: Kazuma gazed out across guild, bustling as usual with boisterous adventurers...
kazuma: So peaceful... No emergency quests... No sign of the Devil King's generals... What a lovely day.
kazuma: Still, I can't seem to relax. For some reason, I feel like things should be more tense... 
cecily: What's this about being tense, Kazuma?
kazuma: Hey there, Cecily. 
kazuma: I'm not sure... I can't seem to remember. It feels important, though. 
kazuma: Could I be blocking it out?
kazuma: Ah! Could I have lost some memories when I was brought here? 
kazuma: Now that I think about it, Aqua said something like that...
cecily: I will not allow you to speak ill of Lady Aqua! Oh my... 
cecily: I nearly forgot! There is somewhere I need to be.
cecily: I have important plans to catch a jelly slime.
kazuma: A jelly slime? You're not planning on doing something strange, are you?
cecily: How rude! I am merely developing a new flavor of jelly slime!
cecily: Today, I'm going to try chocolate. It's sure to be a hit 
cecily: with women and children everywhere!
kazuma: I'm not sure selling jelly slimes is such a good idea in the first place... 
kazuma: Wait, did you say chocolate?
cecily: Is something wrong?
kazuma: That's it!!!
kazuma: I have something I want to discuss with you.
aqua: What do you want? I invited Lia and the lich over to hang out. This better not be something stupid.
wiz: I have a name too, you know...
lia: Is this something we should be here for? If you need a moment, we can step outside...
kazuma: No, I'd like you both here as well. This is important.
darkness: You sound serious. Now I'm interested in hearing what this is about.
megumin: Don't tell me it's finally time for our battle with the Devil King!
kazuma: I request some chocolate.
megumin: Huh? What did you just say?
kazuma: I request some chocolate.
megumin: Chocolate? Why not just go buy some?
kazuma: No, it doesn't work like that! This is—
aqua: Valentine's Day! Is that it?
kazuma: Exactly! Valentine's Day!
wiz: Valentine's Day?
megumin: What's that?
aqua: Valentine's Day is a sort of festival they celebrate every year in Kazuma's homeland.
aqua: The girls give the boys chocolate as a gift to express their feelings. It's like an event for confessing one's love.
darkness: L-L-Love?! 
darkness: Kazuma, are you demanding that we confess our love to you?!
kazuma: No, of course not! 
kazuma: A lot of friends and families exchange chocolate, too. It can also be an expression of affection and gratitude.
megumin: I see... So you called us all here to ask for chocolate? 
kazuma: That's not all. Legend has it that those who fail to give someone chocolate will receive divine punishment.
wiz: P-Punishment?!
kazuma: So you should all give me some chocolate just to be safe! 
kazuma: It doesn't matter how much, but you should probably hurry!
lia: Kazuma, I don't think that's how it works... 
aqua: That's right. Valentine's Day doesn't have any legends like that. 
aqua: Kazuma, just because you've never received chocolate from anyone outside your family doesn't mean you can lie.
megumin: You've only received chocolate from your family?
kazuma: Aqua?! How the heck do you know that?!
aqua: You told me yourself once after you had too much bubbly.
kazuma: How come you only remember things like that?
lia: Even so, there's no need to tell such an obvious lie...
kazuma: Sh-Shut up! Do any of you have the slightest idea what it feels like to be the only one who doesn't get chocolate?!
megumin: Why is he getting mad at us?!
wiz: Um, well, if you'd like some chocolate, I'd be happy to make you some.
kazuma: Wiz! Would you really?!
wiz: Think of it as my way of thanking you for all your help with the shop. 
wiz: Would anyone else like to join me?
aqua: *Sigh* Fine. I suppose the great Aqua can take pity on 
aqua: a lowly shut-in NEET, and do him a little favor.
megumin: I'll lend a hand as well. I don't really have any reason to oppose giving someone chocolate.
darkness: I'm happy to help too. I'd love to learn how to make sweets. Besides, it's true that we owe Kazuma a lot.
kazuma: Everyone...
lia: In that case, I'm in too. After all, you help out Axel Hearts all the time.
kazuma: Thank you, everyone! I'll make sure my stomach is nice and empty so I have room for all of your chocolates!
aqua: It's great that you're looking forward to this, but don't go making yourself sick...
kazuma: Hahaha! I'm not some little kid who can't control himself!
aqua: ...I suppose that's true. 
aqua: Why don't you hold the fort while we go pick up supplies?
