A Maiden's Heart & A Knight's Path - P2
ナレーション: Darkness was fully immersed in her new role as a delicate flower...
darkness: Hraaaaaaaaah!
Bro-rilla A: Grrroooaaarrr!
kazuma: That's it, Darkness! Try to group them together!
darkness: This is no simple task. These aren't the type of 
darkness: monsters you can simply overpower.
aqua: You say that, but your job is to be the vanguard! You're the only one here able to knock them back!
Bro-rilla A: Grrroooaaarrr!
megumin: Darkness, we're being pushed back! 
megumin: Draw forth your inhuman strength to best the monsters!
darkness: I-I am not inhuman! You're doing the same thing you did 
darkness: during the arm wrestling contest!
kazuma: The whole town will be in danger if we fail here! Who cares about gender?! 
kazuma: You're a knight, aren't you?!
kazuma: And as a knight, you can't afford to lose! 
kazuma: Now give us your full power before it's too late!
darkness: My full power... 
darkness: You're right. As a knight, it is my duty to vanquish those who would do the people harm! 
darkness: Rrraaagh!
Bro-rilla A: Grrroooaaarrr?!
darkness: Hi-yaaaaaah!
Bro-rilla B: Groooaaar?!
aqua: Amazing! She's tossing them around like rag dolls!
darkness: Hyah!
kazuma: Great, they're all in a group. 
kazuma: Darkness, fall back! Megumin, you're up!
megumin: I'm on it! Now, feast your eyes on the main performance! 
megumin: Explosion!
Bro-rillas: Rrraaawwwrrr...
megumin: *Sigh* Darkness, 
megumin: you were great out there today...
darkness: I couldn't have done it without you guys. 
darkness: I guess playing the part of the helpless maiden wasn't for me.
darkness: I hereby vow to continue acting in a fashion befitting a respectable knight.
kazuma: Well, ah, I AM sorry for what I said. It was a bit far.
kazuma: Stop worrying so much about other people's opinions though. 
kazuma: Just remember, we like you and your strength. 
darkness: I will waver no more. I'm going to be myself from now on!
darkness: All done! Here you go, Kazuma!
kazuma: Hm? What's this, a rag?
darkness: No, it's a scarf! I spent the time to learn, 
darkness: so I figured it'd be a waste if I didn't finish.
aqua: That's a scarf? It looks...ominous.
megumin_lightcloth: D-Did she curse it? 
darkness: I-I've never been good at this sort of thing! 
darkness: I put a lot of work into it, though. 
darkness: At least try it on, Kazuma.
kazuma: What?! 
kazuma: Absolutely not. Can you imagine what people would say if they saw me in this? 
aqua: Oh, put it on already. You're the one who said not to worry about what everyone else thinks.
megumin_lightcloth: That's right. I seem to remember you apologizing for being rude as well. 
megumin_lightcloth: Come on, Kazuma.
kazuma: No, wait! Hold on!
darkness: Here, I'll help you.
darkness: It's no use trying to run, either. With these inhuman muscles of mine, 
darkness: pinning you down would be like breathing.
ナレーション: For the next few weeks, talk of Kazuma and his odd scarf made its way around the adventurers of Axel...
