An Adventurer's Worth - P2
Blood Fang: Grrrrrrrrr!
mitsurugi: It's been tough battling so many foes, but they're finally wearing down.
mitsurugi: I don't see any sign of Kazuma Satou. But it's time to put an end to both this menace and the contest with 
mitsurugi: my next—
kazuma: And silently from the shadows: Steal!
mitsurugi: Wha—?! My sword disappeared!
Blood Fang: Grrrrrrrrr...
mitsurugi: Even if they're weakened, I'm defenseless without a weapon! What should I do?!
Blood Fang: Grrraaaaaarrr!!!
kazuma: Snipe!
Blood Fang: Grrrmgh...
mitsurugi: Is that you, 
mitsurugi: Kazuma Satou?!
kazuma: Oh hey, it's Mitsurugi, the legendary swordsman.
mitsurugi: You just stroll out here as if nothing—Aaaaaah! Is that my cursed sword Gram in your hand?!
kazuma: Sure is. Makes me wonder how much you really care about Gram, since you lose it all the time.
mitsurugi: Damn you, 
mitsurugi: Kazuma Satoooooou!!!
kazuma: Heh, all that's left is to defeat these weakened 
kazuma: monsters. Dust, I'm counting on you!
dust: I'm on it!
Blood Fang: Awoooooo!!!
dust: Kazuma... Did you hear that howling, or was it just my 
dust: imagination? I think something's heading this way.
Blood Fang Pack: Rrrrrraaaaaarrrrrr!
dust: This is bad! They've got backup!
Kazuma, Dust: Run for it!!!
Blood Fang Pack: Rrraaaaaarrr!
dust: This is bad! This is bad! We're gonna die!!!
kazuma: There's nothing I can do! At this rate, Dust and I 
kazuma: are goners for sure!
mitsurugi: Kazuma Satou! 
kazuma: M-Mitsurugi?!
mitsurugi: Give me back Gram or we'll all done for!
kazuma: B-But...
dust: Give him the sword, Kazuma! I'm not sacrificing my life to make him look bad!
kazuma: Unghhh... 
kazuma: Fine! Here!
mitsurugi: Hmph! I'll take care of this with one blow!
mitsurugi: Witness the blade of the Chosen One!
Adoring Adventurer A: After all that big talk, you needed Mitsurugi to defeat the entire pack and save you? This is just too funny!
kazuma: Nrrgh.
Adoring Adventurer B: I can't believe you tried to set him up! You're just the worst kind of person!
kazuma: Nrrgh.
mitsurugi: Haha, don't be too hard on him. He always has a clever plot in the works.
mitsurugi: It didn't work out this time, but he's helped people out of tight spots. Besides, he did kind of rescue me.
kazuma: Nrrgh.
mitsurugi: Oh, and since you did technically assist me in disposing of the monsters, I'll split the rewards with you both.
mitsurugi: As Lady Aqua's chosen champion, I strive to be fair and just in everything I do.
kazuma: Huh?! 
dust: You're giving us a cut? You truly are a hero, Mitsurugi! I owe you my life!
kazuma: Dust, whose side are you on?!
Adoring Adventurer A: *Swoon* Mitsurugi... You're so kind!
Adoring Adventurer B: I knew it! Mitsurugi is a better adventurer, and a better person!
kazuma: Damn youuuuuu!!!
ナレーション: Pulling himself together, Kazuma was torn between accepting the offered reward, or refusing it out of spite...
