kazuma: It's so peaceful... 
kazuma: A whole day with nothing to do...
aqua: There you are, Kazuma. 
aqua: I brought you some tea.
kazuma: Ah, that was nice of you. 
kazuma: Mmm... 
kazuma: Actual hot water instead of that weird spicy concoction from last time. This is great.
megumin: Uh, what spicy concoction? 
megumin: Hey, wait. If you've got nothing to do, then let's go work on my explosion magic.
kazuma: Hmmm... We could. 
kazuma: But if we're gonna go out, how about we all go on a quest instead?
darkness: Something must be wrong. You never suggest we go on quests. 
darkness: I thought you wanted to do absolutely nothing around the house all day.
kazuma: You make me sound so lazy... 
kazuma: Y'know, I've had to go around and apologize for all of Mel's pranks, keep her safe, and even hang out with her.
kazuma: It's been really tough! 
kazuma: But with her being more independent now, I'm finally free to do what I want! 
kazuma: I plan on enjoying—
Baby: Waaahhh! Waaahhh! Waaaahhh!
mel: Hey, keep your voices down! You woke up the baby!
kazuma: O-Oh, sorry... 
kazuma: Wait, when did you get here? 
kazuma: And that thing in your arms, is that...?
mel: Correct. It's a baby. 
mel: The reason I'm here today is to make sure you take full responsibility for this, Kazuma.
kazuma: R-Responsibility?
mel: That's right. You're the father, Kazuma.
kazuma: Huh?
Aqua, Megumin, Darkness: Whaaaaaaaaat?!
Baby: Waaahhh! Waaahhh! Waaahhh!
mel: I said to keep your voices down! He just fell asleep!
aqua: Phew, he went back to sleep... Wow, his eyes look just like Kazuma's, don't they?
megumin: Kazuma, what's the meaning of this? Explain yourself this instant.
darkness: You occasionally give us indecent glances, but I always assumed you were too weak to act. 
darkness: Oh, how I misjudged you, Kazuma!
kazuma: He looks nothing like me, and I have nothing to explain! 
kazuma: Darkness, I'd also appreciate it if you didn't enjoy this.
kazuma: Also... 
kazuma: I'll have you know, my purity is unsullied!
mel: Kazuma, I really don't think that's the sort of thing you should be saying in front of the baby.
kazuma: You're the one to blame here!
megumin: All right, seriously. 
megumin: Where exactly did this baby come from?
mel: He's from the orphanage. 
mel: I was worried he wasn't getting the attention he needed.
mel: The staff said they were really shorthanded today, so they asked if I could take care of him for the day.
kazuma: Mel, do you really think you can take care of a baby?
mel: H-Hey! 
mel: I'm always singing and playing with the children at the orphanage! I'm great with kids!
mel: So... 
mel: taking care of a single baby for a day should be a breez—
Baby: Waaaaaaaaahhh!!!
darkness: Mel, what happened to keeping your voice down?
mel: Oh, I know what to do! 
mel: They said he loves going on walks. 
mel: I'm sure if we take a quick stroll, he'll stop crying in no time.
megumin: Wait, Mel! 
megumin: Aaand she's gone... Is she going to be okay?
aqua: It kinda seems like she has no idea what she's doing... I'm a little worried.
darkness: Same here. Let's go with her. Come on, Kazuma.
kazuma: Ugggh. All right, fine. What a pain...
mel: Hmm... What should I do? Are you hungry? Is that it? 
mel: Here, I brought some milk with me.
Baby: Waaaaaahhh!
mel: H-Huh? Why won't you drink?
aqua: Here, let me see that bottle for a moment.
mel: Aqua?
aqua: Hmm, I think this may be a little too hot. 
aqua: Create Water!
aqua: Here, try having him drink it now.
Baby: *Gulp gulp*
mel: That worked! Heh. He's so cute, isn't he?
darkness: That was quite skillfully done.
aqua: Well, obviously. I am a goddess, you know.
kazuma: What does that have to do with anything?
Baby: Waaaaaahhh!
mel: Wh-What is it this time? *Sniff sniff* 
mel: Pee-yew! I think he just went to the bathroom!
megumin: Mel, hand me one of those loincloths. I'll change him.
megumin: All right, little guy. Try not to move around, and I'll be done in no time.
mel: You look like you've done this before.
megumin: Well, yeah. I have a little sister back home. 
megumin: There we go. All done.
mel: I'm the one who's supposed to be taking care of him, but Aqua and Megumin are doing all the work. 
mel: I'm...useless...
Baby: Zzz... Zzz...
aqua: Oh, look at that. Now that he's nice and clean, he went back to sleep. 
aqua: Time to go home!
mel: Hrng...
kazuma: Hm? What are you looking at, Mel?
Bro-rillas: Grrroooaaarrr!
aqua: M-Monsters?! They look mad! What did we do?!
darkness: We were so caught up with the baby crying, we must have wandered into their territory by mistake.
kazuma: Uh, we're surrounded!
mel: Kazuma, take care of the baby. 
mel: I'll deal with these monsters!
mel: Take this! Lightning Bolt!
