ナレーション: In search of a quest, Chris stood before the guild bulletin board considering her options...
chris: Ugh... 
chris: None of these quests are really jumping out at me.
kazuma: There you are, Chris! We've been looking all over for you!
chris: Huh? Kazuma? And the whole group's with you. You look pretty serious, did something happen?
darkness: Do you have a minute? We were hoping to ask you something.
chris: Oh? About what?
aqua: A noble family Darkness knows was recently robbed. The thieves emptied their estate, from jewels to statues.
chris: Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
megumin: ...Well, that isn't all. The owners are accusing you of the robbery!
chris: M-Me?!
kazuma: The guards claim they saw a small, slender figure... 
kazuma: They think it was an expert thief because of the way they 
kazuma: moved, and you're the most skilled thief in town.
aqua: Chris, if you're going to turn yourself in, it'd be better to do it sooner than later.
chris: Wha—?! I had nothing to do with this! Don't you believe me?!
darkness: I believe it wasn't you, Chris. We were looking for you so that we can help clear your name.
darkness: The family in question is House Signam. They've been close allies of House Dustiness for generations.
chris: House Signam is famous for their generosity! I would never steal from a family like them!
kazuma: In other words, you have no qualms about stealing from people 
kazuma: you think are bad? Thanks, we'll remember that for later.
chris: Ah! Forget I said anything! 
chris: In any case, it wasn't me! I swear on Lady Eris that I had nothing to do with it!
aqua: Swearing on her name makes you even more suspicious.
chris: Wh-What?! How?! Fine then! Take me to the mansion and 
chris: I'll prove it!
chris: I'll conduct a thorough investigation and find the real culprit!
megumin: Criminals always return to the scene of their crime...
darkness: House Signam has graciously granted us permission to investigate. We can look around as much as we need.
kazuma: Easier said than done—I don't see any clues... 
kazuma: Do you really think we'll be able to find the culprit?
megumin: You weren't joking when you said the mansion was cleaned 
megumin: out. Seeing this makes me feel sorry for them.
aqua: Hm? What's that smell?
darkness: Smell? They said they cleaned everything.
chris: I see...
kazuma: Did you find something?
chris: I sure did. And I know who did it, too.
megumin: Wh-What?! Already?! Who was it?
chris: The criminal 
chris: was no expert thief... 
chris: It was a monster!
chris: It's well-hidden with magic, but nothing gets by me! 
chris: If I sprinkle some of this tattletale powder on the ground...
kazuma: Whoa! The floor's glowing with footprints!
chris: These footprints belong to a gremlin, I'm sure of it. They're low-level demons known for their tricks.
aqua: Oh! That explains why this room smells funny. It was so faint that I almost didn't notice.
megumin: Finding the criminal so quickly... You're like a detective!
chris: Hehe, call it the expertise of a master thief. 
chris: Now, let's get those stolen items back!
chris: Gremlins like to make their dens in rocky areas. Let's search the estate grounds and see what we can find!
