God's Blessing on Those from DanMachi! - P4
ナレーション: After a night to cool off, Kazuma and company went looking for the flash lizard runner where Bell first appeared...
bell: Do you really think this flash lizard runner is nearby?
kazuma: Well, we don't have any other leads. 
megumin: Something else is bothering me. Aqua, Darkness, what's with your outfits?
aqua_D: Oh, these? I had a little too much fun making Hestia some new clothes.
aqua_D: I ended up making outfits for me and Darkness as well! 
aqua_D: Look! Her and Ais look like twins!
hestia: I was surprised at the quality when Aqua first showed me. 
hestia: I knew my new friend was amazing!
darkness_D: I-I feel this is a bit on the revealing side.
aiz: You think so?
kazuma: Darkness, don't ever take that off. 
darkness_D: Y-You're unbelievable!
megumin: I want a matching outfit now as well... Perhaps some clothes to match Lili's.
megumin: Oh! We could make her an outfit that matches mine instead. 
megumin: I bet you'd look great with an eyepatch!
liliruca: I'll have to pass on the eyepatch.
Beginner's Bane Pack: Graaaaaah!
kazuma: Are those beginner's banes?!
bell: An entire group of monsters? But we're not in a dungeon.
aiz: Fear not. The basics of battle remain the same. Remain vigilant to your blind spots.
aiz: Tempest!
bell: Hraaah! Fire Bolt!
Beginner's Bane A: Graaarrr...
liliruca: That takes care of the majority of them.
kazuma: That sure was easy. I guess we have Liliruca's support as 
kazuma: well as Ais's and Bell's attacks to thank.
aqua_D: Hey! What about my awesome support magic?!
megumin: The timing of my devastating explosion magic is key. I simply did not see the need to intervene.
darkness_D: I-I feel like I did a pretty good job taking hits for everyone, too!
kazuma: You failed yet again to land a single one yourself, though.
darkness_D: Hrng!
aiz: Darkness, do you have a moment?
aiz: You may be putting too much force into your swings. Try swinging like this, do you see? 
darkness_D: L-Like this?
aiz: Yes, great job. 
kazuma: Unfortunately, there's not enough tips in the world to help Darkness actually hit some—
Beginner's Bane B: Grrraaarrr!
bell: More monsters?! I thought we got them all!
aiz: This is a good opportunity. Try swinging your sword as I showed you. 
darkness_D: R-Right... 
darkness_D: Hyah!
Beginner's Bane B: Graaar...
darkness_D: Haaahhh!
Beginner's Bane C: Graaa?!
Kazuma, Aqua, Megumin: Sh-She hit them!
aiz: Much better. As I thought, you were using too much force.
darkness_D: Did you see that, Kazuma?! I hit something!
kazuma: You've gotta be kidding me?! Darkness has never been able to so much as scratch anything before!
liliruca: Ais's skill with a sword is the greatest in all of Orario. And a rather excellent teacher. 
bell: That's our Ais!
kazuma: You're not grasping how outstanding this is!
hestia: Hmm... I wonder if our arrival in this world may have something to do with it.
hestia: Maybe wearing Wallenwhatsit's outfit has somehow affected Darkness's abilities.
megumin: I find that incredibly hard to believe...
darkness_D: Ah! This feels incredible! Just look at all the monsters falling to my blade!
aiz: Darkness, you're overextending your arms. If you get careless, you'll miss your target.
darkness_D: Yes, Master Ais! Thank you for your guidance!
aqua_D: Darkness seems happy. Maybe this is a good thing.
kazuma: You're right. This is a great opportunity, too. 
kazuma: We'll have her practice by clearing all the monsters in our path.
