miia: Boulder...
miia: Bomber!
kazuma: Nice work, Mia!
komekko: You think it'll taste good if we cook it?
ynyn: Can't, Komekko. Any monsters defeated today must 
ynyn: be carried back to the village.
aqua: Where you show off your monster hauls for the "Fire Festival," right? 
aqua: Sounds like fun!
kazuma: It sounds like our Obon festivals back home. The influence of another Japanese adventurer maybe?
megumin: It showcases both the overwhelming might of our warriors and business savvy of our 
megumin: street vendors!
ynyn: It's meant to give everyone a chance to stand out. Though, personally, 
ynyn: I'd rather not stand out at all...
megumin: Suit yourself, coward, but don't get in my way. 
megumin: I came here to win! To conquer! To vanquish!
aqua: You want the prize that badly, huh? What was it again? 
aqua: A skill potion, plus some kind of ancient relic?
megumin: Hah! The prize is negligible. The real reward is greeting my 
megumin: clan from atop the stage—
megumin: in dramatic fashion, of course!
komekko: There is no greater honor! 
komekko: Can't wait to see you up there, Sis!
kazuma: Well I most definitely can. Ancient relics and skill 
kazuma: potions—those sound like my cup of tea!
miia: Off we go, gang! I've got monsters to slay! 
miia: And I'm gonna stack them higher than a mountain!
miia: Jumping junebugs!
darkness: Look at this mountain of monster carcasses. Your team did this alone, Arue?
arue: But of course. To commit in full—such is the Crimson Demon way in all things.
Arue's Teammate A: Look at the haul from Megumin's team. If you can even call it that.
Arue's Teammate B: Well, at least we've got one team beat. Into the ground.
aqua: You've got to hand it to these Crimson Demons. They can hunt. And quickly, too.
darkness: Agreed. And every monster is a hard-hitting behemoth.
kazuma: These crazy mages are on a level all their own. 
kazuma: If the score is tallied by adding monsters to food stall revenue...
kazuma: ...then we have to pick up the slack with food!
komekko: *Drool* 
komekko: Sounds good to me.
kazuma: Just remember, Komekko, 
kazuma: we're here to move meals. Not eat them.
aqua: Let's go with Kazuma's specialties. Yakisoba, takoyaki... 
aqua: Throw in some chocolate-covered bananas and we've got this!
kazuma: Revered classics, yes, but we're going up against Crimson Demons. That won't be enough.
kazuma: Yunyun, any ideas?
ynyn: Hmm... 
ynyn: Crimson Demons tend to value the aesthetics of food over the actual taste.
kazuma: Eye candy, eh? Being this is the Crimson Demon analogue of Japan's "Obon"... I got it!
kazuma: 　
miia: Whoa, Kazuma! You just burst my eardrum! 
kazuma: My bad! 
kazuma: Say, Chekera's shop is nearby, right?
megumin: The clan's foremost tailor? Yeah, just around the corner.
kazuma: He sells clothes. He must sell fabric too. 
kazuma: Aqua, I'm going to need you to lend a hand on this.
aqua: Done and done! Come out strutting, you three!
miia_yukata: The sleeves and skirt let the breeze in. 
miia_yukata: I feel cooler than a chill fall breeze!
ynyn_yukata: This is a first for me. 
ynyn_yukata: A-Am I wearing it right? 
komekko_yukata: I kinda like it! And the Chomusuke mask is cute. 
kazuma: It finally feels like summer! It's lucky Chekera had everything we needed.
darkness: "Yukata", eh? The traditional clothing of your country is fascinating. 
darkness: And you completed them so quickly. 
aqua: Yukatas are pretty simple to make. 
aqua: But with these elegant patterns, you'll definitely turn heads.
kazuma: To think I'd be surrounded by not one yukata-clad beauty, but three? 
kazuma: I almost want you to bust out a Bon dance.
Megumin, Darkness, Mia: *Gasp*
kazuma: Hm? Did I say something wrong?
darkness: Kazuma, must you even ask? 
darkness: D-Did you not hear yourself speak? 
megumin: Never was there a more powerful harbinger of calamity. 
megumin: You mustn't suggest such a thing again, lest you crave doom.
kazuma: What do you mean? Surely you don't mean the 
kazuma: Bon dance? 
miia_yukata: NOOOOOO! Stop right there! Folks around these parts 
miia_yukata: spook at the thought of the Bon dance!
komekko_yukata: Does she realize how loud she is? 
kazuma: F-Fine, just please, stop with the trauma-contorted looks. I didn't know it was THAT dangerous. 
kazuma: Honestly, I don't see the issue, but whatever. 
kazuma: Let's start over, shall we? And sell heaps of food!
ナレーション: Though Kazuma knew not why the phrase "Bon dance" evoked so much terror—he would soon find out...
