A Quest for This Devilish Little Sister! - P3
megumin: Now, Komekko, put this thing back where you found it.
komekko: Awww...
horst: It really doesn't matter where she puts me. If the kid summons me, I'll be back in an instant.
megumin: Then when you do come—show yourself to the door. 
megumin: Or to the bottom of a smoldering crater.
horst: Why me...?
kazuma: Hmm... I hoped we could smooth things over, but Megumin's protective nature over her sister is somewhat...intense.
komekko: What's that mean?
megumin: Hey, Kazuma! Stop giving Komekko weird ideas about me!
kazuma: Trust me, I want nothing more than to avoid 
kazuma: the details.
darkness: But how shall we proceed? Komekko doesn't seem to be eager to part ways with this Hoost demon.
aqua: Just let the hell-monkey give me one good reason to exorcise him. Heck, I'm happy to do it without one.
horst: The crazy priestess means it. I can see it in her eyes.
komekko: Sis, is the reason I'm not allowed to keep Hoost because I'm not a big girl yet?
megumin: Well, there are many factors at play... But, in a 
megumin: nutshell, yes.
komekko: I knew it. 
komekko: Then, I'm just gonna go on a quest with Hoost. That'll prove I can hold my own!
megumin: Out of the question. You're a child. It will be years before you're ready to brave the field.
komekko: Nah, I'll be fine. Plus, I've got Hoost for insurance.
komekko: I'm gonna prove to you that I'm just as good as any adult. Then you'll HAVE to accept our relationship.
megumin: Y-Y-Your RELATIONSHIP...? Vile demon! Degenerate! What depraved 
megumin: machinations have you in store for my sister?
horst: Nothing at all! Holy hellfire and brimstone. I'd almost pick getting exorcised over dealing with this family!
horst: Every other sentence, I'm vastly misunderstood...
kazuma: Hmm... It's almost as if I'm looking at myself.
kazuma: Hey, Megumin. I know you're worried about Komekko. But we have to respect her feelings too.
kazuma: If she wants to go questing, I say let her.
megumin: Are you nuts?!
kazuma: This is a greater demon we're dealing with. Let's find out what he's about—while he's still relatively friendly.
megumin: I...I suppose trying to get rid of him before he committed any wrongdoing WAS a tad harsh...
megumin: Fine. I still have my reservations, but I accept your 
megumin: proposal, Komekko. But please be careful. 
luna: Kazuma got me up to speed. So, Komekko, are you ready to embark on your first quest?
komekko: Ready and raring!
luna: I've prepared a few special quests, just for our tiniest adventurer. Choose whichever you like.
komekko: Okey dokey... 
komekko: This one!
luna: "Defeat a flock of robber ducks" it is! You do know it'll be a 
luna: whole lot of them, right? 
komekko: That's no problem. 
komekko: Where there are ducks, there are eggs, and I've got a hankering for both.
luna: Just to clarify, eating them isn't part of the quest... 
luna: Anyway, I wish you luck!
luna: Be sure to stock up on items before you depart, both magic and otherwise.
komekko: Yep! Time for a shopping spree!
megumin: She accepted the quest. And so it begins...
kazuma: Don't worry about it. I asked for low-difficulty quests that even Komekko can tackle.
darkness: With Hoost's strength, they should be able to handle those robber ducks with ease.
megumin: No. 
megumin: Never leave anything to chance. We follow them—come!
aqua: Ooh, tailing leads from the shadows? It's like we're private eyes!
kazuma: Megumin's attachment to her sister is beyond manic.
megumin: Hey, I do have ears, you know. Now let's get moving or we'll lose them.
