A Dungeon for This Masked Demon! - P4
ナレーション: With Wiz leading, Kazuma and friends set out to conquer Vanir's Dungeon...
aqua: This dungeon is smaller than I thought it'd be. And it smells like iron for some reason.
wiz: You smell that too? It's so strange... 
wiz: How can Vanir be happy with this mediocre dungeon?
kazuma: ...And what exactly makes a dungeon good or bad?
darkness: Whether or not the traps are worthy of risking one's life!
kazuma: You're definitely the only one who looks at it that way.
aqua: Hey, what do you think this weird string is for?
kazuma: That's definitely suspicious. 
kazuma: Aqua, whatever you do, don't—
aqua: Yoink.
kazuma: What did I just say?! Do you ever think before you act?!
aqua: Hey! 
aqua: Stop hitting me! 
aqua: Nothing even happened!
darkness: Wait, do you hear that? It's getting closer...
Undead: Grrrooooooaaaaaah!
wiz: Oh no! It's an entire horde of undead!
aqua: Leave this one to me! Turn Undead!
Undead: Grrroooaaar...
wiz: Y
wiz: eeeeeek!
kazuma: W-Wait, Aqua!
wiz: Sorry about that, everyone. I'm all right now.
kazuma: You're still looking kinda translucent from Aqua's spell... 
kazuma: Seriously, Aqua, could you maybe not fall for such obvious traps?
aqua: It's not my fault. If there's a string like that, you have to pull it. It's only natural!
kazuma: She doesn't feel bad at all...
darkness: We've still got a long way to go. Let's focus and keep pushing forward.
kazuma: Just don't touch anything, got it?!
aqua: All right, I heard you. A goddess may slip up from time to 
aqua: time, but she never makes the same mistake twi—
aqua: Huh? Oops, I think I just stepped on something. Oh, dear...
wiz: Darkness, the floor!
darkness: A pitfall?! I—
kazuma: Look 
kazuma: out!
kazuma: Ow, ow, ow, ow. ow... 
kazuma: Darkness, are you all right?
darkness: Yeah, I think so.
kazuma: Stupid Aqua. Not even two seconds passed, and she triggered another trap. 
kazuma: Hm, I can't see the ceiling. Are we stuck down here?
darkness: It seems that way. We'll have to wait for Aqua and Wiz to come find us.
kazuma: Until they find us, I guess the two of us will just be trapped in this tiny room together.
darkness: Don't say it like that! 
darkness: Th-That sounded so awkward...
kazuma: O-Oh, sorry.
kazuma: Crap, now I'm starting to get nervous...
darkness: Hrng...
kazuma: ...Is it just me, or is Darkness's breathing a bit heavy?
banil: Mwahahahaha! Hope you're enjoying your time in Vanir's Dungeon thus far!
darkness: Huh?! Is that Vanir?!
banil: I kindly ask the pair stuck in my trap to refrain from doing anything inappropriate in my dungeon.
kazuma: Ah, nothing like that is happening here! 
kazuma: Where are you watching us from anyway?!
banil: Mmm... Such emotion. I see everything that happens within these walls, so I don't recommend trying anything funny.
kazuma: I just said nobody's doing anything!
darkness: Kazuma! You say that, but I can hear your voice trembling! I must have misjudged you!
banil: Says the armored lady, secretly holding onto the hope that he will indeed try to make a move!
darkness: Th-Th-Th-That's not true! H-How dare you! I am a noble crusader! 
darkness: How dare you insult my honor!
kazuma: You wanted me to make a move...?
darkness: No! I-I really didn't!
banil: Mwahahahaha! The cringe levels are palpable! Enjoy awkwardly talking to each other now. Farewell!
kazuma: Seriously?! You show up just to say all that and then just leave?!
darkness: Hrng...
kazuma: Don't just stand there and freak out! 
kazuma: Ugh, this is getting even more awkward! I've gotta change the subject...
kazuma: H-Hey, Darkness. 
kazuma: Since we're gonna be stuck here for a bit, what should we do to pass the time?
darkness: W-What are you trying to insinuate? 
darkness: D-Don't tell me everything that masked demon was saying is actually true!
darkness: Although, if that's what you really want... 
darkness: I suppose I could think of a worse fate!
kazuma: W-What are you talking about?!
darkness: *Pant pant* Don't get me wrong, Kazuma! It's not like I was hoping for something like this to happ—
aqua: Kazuma! Can you hear me? You better not be doing anything inappropriate with Darkness down there!
kazuma: I'm not! I'm not! I swear, I'm not doing anything!
wiz: Lady Aqua found a rope. We're going to get you two out of there, so grab on!
aqua: Oh, and I'm definitely going to let Megumin know you were hitting on Darkness down there when we get out of here!
kazuma: Don't drag her into this! Also, Darkness is the one hitting on me!
darkness: H-How could you, Kazuma?!
megumin: *Gasp*
megumin: Crimson flame, born of the night to vanquish all darkness! 
megumin: Oooh, that was a good one!
ナレーション: Meanwhile, Megumin, blissfully unaware of the situation unfolding in the dungeon, continues creating new chants to pair with her explosion magic outside...
