Treasure Hunting on This Summer Vacation! - P2
ナレーション: Treasure map in hand, Kazuma and company set course for the bay where the treasure slept—which lay just past a mountain.
aqua: *Pant pant* So...thirsty... 
aqua: Kazuma, pass the water, will ya?
kazuma: Can't. We're clean out.
aqua: Seriously? Then conjure up some more with magic.
kazuma: I almost remember you being a goddess of water or something. 
aqua: I'm exhausted! And thirsty! I'm a dried up goddess of water! I can't water!
kazuma: You're pitiful. I hope you know that... 
kazuma: Create Water.
aqua: Whoo! Now that hit the spot! You're a lifesaver, Kazuma!
megumin: I don't blame her. We've been traipsing under the sun for hours on end.
iris_stealth: Claire, how much longer until we hit the sea?
clair: According to the map, it should be right in front of us once we descend.
darkness: Wait... 
darkness: I can hear waves! Albeit faintly.
megumin: You're right! C'mon, guys!
aqua: Wait up, Megumin, Darkness! I want to get there first!
aqua: Wow. Look at all those shades of blue. It's breathtaking!
darkness: That it is. The shore is magnificent too.
megumin: And we're the only ones here. 
megumin: It's like we have our own private beach!
clair: While the trek here was arduous, I must say this view was well worth it.
iris_stealth: White sand. Crystal blue water. I must be dreaming.
kazuma: Okay, gang, shall we resume our search for the hidden trea—
aqua: Or we can swim! We're at the beach, after all. 
aqua: And a nice, pristine one at that.
megumin: Yeah, why not? 
megumin: The map says the treasure will appear on the night of a full moon. And we've plenty of time until dark.
clair: However, the princess has come in search of treasure, not a swim, and thus has no—
aqua: Swimsuit? I've got one for her right here.
clair: Princess, let us swim. I insist. Immediately. 
kazuma: For a royal servant, she's got some royal eccentricities...
iris_stealth: Swimming in the ocean... 
iris_stealth: Now this is a seasonal activity 
iris_stealth: if there ever was one. I can't wait!
clair: Was there ever a more perfect sight? Princess, you are beauty personified!
iris_swimwear: U-Um, Claire? Your stare is rather intense. 
iris_swimwear: It's making me a little self-conscious.
kazuma_swimwear: That swimsuit was made for you, Iris. You look stunning.
iris_swimwear: I-I do? 
iris_swimwear: Really?
kazuma_swimwear: Of course. It complements your natural charm.
aqua_swimwear: You're darn right it does. 
aqua_swimwear: I figured we might have a beach excursion and came prepared. Am I good or what?
iris_swimwear: Thanks, Aqua.
aqua_swimwear: While I am good, I'm not perfect. Sorry, Claire, I don't have one for you.
clair: Think nothing of it. My first priority is the princess's protection.
clair: And my second priority is to engrave this perfect day in my memory, now and forever! 
clair: Oh, happy day!
darkness_swimwear: I fear I've made a miscalculation in swimsuit size. The bust is somewhat tight...
megumin_swimwear: Them's fighting words, Darkness. You've been warned. And 
megumin_swimwear: now YOU'VE been warned, Kazuma. Cut the gawking!
kazuma_swimwear: Yikes!
komekko_swimwear: Sis? I'm hungry. 
komekko_swimwear: Let's hunt some crabs and have a barbecue.
megumin_swimwear: That's all on the itinerary. Hang in there for a little longer, okay?
kazuma_swimwear: Haha... 
kazuma_swimwear: Komekko, you ravenous little tyke.
kazuma_swimwear: Wait, Komekko?! Why's she here?!
arue_swimwear: Where there's treasure, there's adventure. And where's there's adventure...there's us.
kazuma_swimwear: Arue? You too?!
megumin_swimwear: I invited them. The more the merrier, I figured. But since 
megumin_swimwear: we had a head start, we arrived earlier.
kazuma_swimwear: Right, that makes sense.
arue_swimwear: Treasure, on the night of a full moon? This is a call I 
arue_swimwear: am compelled to answer! Tonight, our sleeping prize awakens!
darkness_swimwear: The concept certainly would be appealing to a Crimson Demon.
komekko_swimwear: Sis, let's find that treasure and be set for life.
megumin_swimwear: Yep. I'll be sure to treat you to a feast once we do.
kazuma_swimwear: There they go again...
aqua_swimwear: Kazuma, quit dawdling!
iris_swimwear: Yes, hurry up already!
kazuma_swimwear: Ah, well. Letting loose once in a while can be a good thing. 
kazuma_swimwear: Okay, gang! We reconvene at nightfall. Until then...enjoy!
