A Bon Dance for This Crimson Demon Festival! - P4
ナレーション: The Crimson Demon Village was in a panic at Arue's sudden disappearance...
ynyn_yukata: Mia, did you guys find her?!
miia_yukata: No, there's no sign of her over there!
darkness: A few people said she saw her selling food at her stall not too long ago.
darkness: Someone else said they saw her stumbling off in the direction of the shrine just before hearing her scream.
ynyn_yukata: I-Is there a really Bon Dancer curse?
kazuma: I didn't want to believe the chieftain's ridiculous story, 
kazuma: but it's all starting to feel a little too real.
Crimson Demon A: There's no other explanation. It's the curse of the Bon Dancer...
Crimson Demon B: I heard the same thing happened 100 years ago!
darkness: The villagers are beginning to panic. Perhaps it would be prudent to pause the festival. 
aqua: Yeah, I just hope things don't get any worse... 
kazuma: How many times do I have to tell you not to jinx us?!
ynyn_yukata: This is quite strange, though.
kazuma: What's strange, Yunyun?
ynyn_yukata: The Fire Festival has been around for a long time, but I don't recall ever hearing about a Bon Dancer.
ynyn_yukata: I just thought it strange an outsider would know about it when even I—
ynyn_yukata: Huh? Where's Megumin?
darkness: She said she'd be right back after taking Komekko home.
kazuma: What's taking her so long? 
kazuma: You don't think!
aqua: Megumin! Komekko! If you can hear me, say something!
darkness: There's no sign of them... 
darkness: What should we do, Kazuma?
kazuma: The door's unlocked. 
kazuma: We're going in!
aqua: Wh-What the—?!
miia_yukata: Are those feathers? There are so many! 
darkness: Didn't Megumin and the chieftain say something about feather decorations? 
darkness: Could it really be the—
kazuma: Y-You're freaking me out! Not another word!
aqua: Look! There are signs of struggle everywehre!
miia_yukata: How dare this Bon Dancer take Komekko and Megumin! 
miia_yukata: Bon Dummy is more like it! He's going to pay for this!
ynyn_yukata: Megumin, Komekko... 
ynyn_yukata: We need to go tell my father—I mean, 
ynyn_yukata: the chieftain! This is an emergency!
Chieftain: So my worst fears have come true.
Chieftain: I first came across the tragic event in an old tome. This year marks exactly 100 years since it began.
kazuma: What was that about an old tome, Chieftain?
Chieftain: As I said, the legend states the Bon Dancer arose from the malice of those who failed to win the Fire Festival.
Chieftain: That was 100 years ago. Ever since, members of the Crimson Demon Clan have gone missing during the festival.
ynyn_yukata: I never knew the clan had such a dark past. 
ynyn_yukata: But if that's true, why still hold the Fire Festival?
Chieftain: The Crimson Demon Clan, possessors of great intellect and magical power, mustn't bow to curses or grudges, Yunyun.
Chieftain: Of course, we have done our utmost to counter it. We implemented the speech of coolness as a means to reduce casualties.
Chieftain: That coolness is vital in dispelling the hatred any losing clan members might have toward themselves.
kazuma: Who would have guessed some dumb speech was actually so important?
ynyn_yukata: I still think it's strange I've never heard any of this! 
ynyn_yukata: Nobody's ever gone missing like this before!
Chieftain: I believe we have the incredibly cool winning speeches to thank for quelling the spirit these many years.
aqua: With all these people going missing, that must mean something went wrong this year.
miia_yukata: So we should just stand around and do nothing?! We have to find Megumin and everyone else!
kazuma: Mia's right.
kazuma: Chieftain, isn't there anything we can do to rescue the ones who've been taken?!
Chieftain: Wait here. I shall scour our old records deep in the library for answers.
ynyn_yukata: Arue, Megumin, Komekko... I hope they're all right.
miia_yukata: Don't worry! I'm gonna save all of them!
ynyn_yukata: We'll do this together. 
ynyn_yukata: As the chieftain's daughter, I can't sit around and do nothing!
kazuma: Don't worry, Yunyun. If this really is some kind of wandering spirit, surely our resident arch priest can—
Chieftain: AAAAAAAAAHHH!!!
ynyn_yukata: Dad, no!
kazuma: The chieftain!
ynyn_yukata: N-No... This can't be happening...
aqua: More feathers everywhere! 
aqua: And something smells like iron...
miia_yukata: The blood... It's everywhere...
darkness: Look away, 
darkness: Mia!
ynyn_yukata: AAAAAAAAAHHH!!!
