ナレーション: Among shouts and cheers, a heated battle of wits was underway in the specially-made wasteland arena...
Announcer: Now for the final question! According to the scriptures, the first tenant of the Axis Order is—
cecily: That's easy! "There's nothing an Axis disciple can't do!"
Announcer: That is correct. However, the question is: What is the final tenant according to scripture?
Axis Priest: I know! "The goddess Eris pads her chest!"
Announcer: Correct! Ten points! Do be careful to listen to the entire question before answering.
cecily: Hrrrgggh... My overflowing love for Axis could not be contained and made me overly eager!
Axis Priest: Hehe... At this rate, this year's victory will be mine!
cecily: It's not over yet! There's more events to come, and I shall prove my love for the Order reigns strongest! 
cecily: My ambitions will be fulfilled!
aqua: Good luck, Cecily! Next up is, "Which is the real one?"! I believe in you!
megumin: How did she fall behind? She was doing so well in the beginning... 
darkness: I'd like to cheer her on, but all these Axis followers are starting to glare at me. 
darkness: I'm getting goosebumps...
kazuma: You made sure everyone could see your Eris Order necklace on purpose, didn't you?
darkness: Of course I did. I am a devout follower of Eris, after all.
kazuma: We only stopped here because our quest was nearby... 
kazuma: I'm really starting to regret talking to Cecily yesterday.
megumin: The Festival of...Axis Adoration? And you said it's tomorrow?
cecily: That's right! The Festival of Axis Adoration! 
cecily: It's a yearly competition to prove one's devotion.
aqua: How wonderful! Did you hear that, Kazuma? 
aqua: They have an entire event to prove their devotion to me! Let's go!
kazuma: Absolutely not! We're supposed to be going on a quest tomorrow. 
kazuma: We don't have time to flatter your ego.
darkness: I hate to pass up an opportunity to visit Arcanretia, but that's rather far from our quest in the wastelands.
cecily: Actually, that couldn't be more perfect. The event is actually being held in the wastelands.
megumin: Why would the Order of Axis hold an event out in the wilderness instead of in Arcanretia?
cecily: That's because the celebration the night before is so raucous that we end up 
cecily: trashing the— 
cecily: Ahem!
cecily: Where better to test one's devotion to Lady Aqua, 
cecily: Goddess of Water than in the harshest, most arid location around?!
kazuma: You can't even restrain yourselves from ruining your own worthless festival? Sounds like it'd be better off canceled.
aqua: Kazuma, I won't stand by and let you disrespect the Axis Order! 
aqua: You take back your slander this instant!
kazuma: A crazy event held by the nutty followers of Axis?! 
kazuma: You'd be doing the world a service by canceling such a thing!
aqua: Why, you... 
aqua: That's it. We're going to support Cecily and revel in the depths of my Axis followers' love! 
aqua: You just wait and see, Kazuma!
cecily: Thank you so much! Words cannot express my joy at knowing that Lady Aqua herself 
cecily: will be cheering me on!
cecily: The goddess has seen fit to smile upon me! I must claim victory! 
cecily: You can do it, Cecily! Beauty conquers all!
kazuma: Aqua dragged me to this ridiculous event, but I have to admit...
kazuma: These Axis followers are certainly enthusiastic.
Announcer: In the final round of "Which is the real one?," contestants must drink two cups of water and identify which has been purified!
Announcer: Also, anyone who answers incorrectly will prove themselves to be an unfit believer and henceforth be branded as a heretic.
darkness: How dreadful. Heretics are unable to return to town until they've sold a hundred bars of soap. Nobody wants to fail.
megumin: Can you really tell which water is purified by drinking it?
aqua: I'm sure it'll be easy for a true Axis Follower!
kazuma: You three sure are enjoying yourselves. 
kazuma: Please tell me you haven't forgotten we're supposed to be on a quest.
megumin: Of course we haven't! We're hunting earthworms.
aqua: I thought you said your Enemy Detection skill isn't picking anything up. 
aqua: I'm sure they're just sleeping.
darkness: They're fairly tame outside of the rainy season. 
darkness: I've heard pouring water on the ground will lure them out, though.
kazuma: It's possible my Enemy Detection skill won't react while they're underground. We should stay alert just in—
aqua: Hey, look! It's Cecily's turn to answer!
Announcer: Our next contestant is a priestess who has answered nearly every question correctly! So which is it? Glass A? ...Or B?
cecily: Come on Cecily. It's time to demonstrate the fruits of your training! My answer is—
？？？: Rooooooarrrgh!
cecily: Aaagh!
aqua: Was that an earthquake?! What's going on?
Dark Giant Worm: Rooooooarrrgh!
darkness: Wha—?! Giant earthworms!
cecily: Hrngh... How dare these things interfere! 
cecily: They must have been sent by the Eris Order!
kazuma: No, they're just ordinary kill quest targets.
aqua: They're ruining my precious followers' festival! 
aqua: Kazuma, these monsters need to be punished! Lend me a hand!
kazuma: What are you talking about? Hunting giant earthworms is the reason we're out here in the first place!
Dark Giant Worm: Rooooooarrrgh!
Axis Followers: Aaaaaahhh!
Announcer: Monsters have appeared and are attacking the contestants! It's almost as if they're after something!
megumin: After something...? 
megumin: Hey, wait! Didn't you just say something about giant earthworms and water?!
darkness: Yes, they're attracted to it. There's no doubt the Axis followers are being targeted because of the drinking test.
kazuma: Who cares what the reason is?! 
kazuma: Right now, all that matters is that we've got some monsters to deal with!
cecily: This is a test of your love for the Order of Axis! 
cecily: It's time to prove our devotion!
