A Bon Dance for This Crimson Demon Festival! - P5
ナレーション: The clan chieftain vanished while investigating the Bon Dancer, with only feathers and smeared blood...
ynyn_yukata: No... This can't be happening! Dad! Dad!
darkness: Let us calm ourselves, Yunyun. There's no proof yet the chieftain was actually killed.
miia_yukata: That's right! I'm sure he's okay! Just like Komekko, Megumin, and Arue!
ynyn_yukata: You're right... 
ynyn_yukata: Dad...
kazuma: Think! There's gotta be something we can do!
aqua: Yunyun, what did the chieftain give you earlier? 
aqua: Didn't he mention breaking the seal if a vengeful spirit appeared?!
ynyn_yukata: Y-You mean this? 
ynyn_yukata: I'll try opening it!
darkness: Is that a letter?
ynyn_yukata: It seems like it. 
ynyn_yukata: "My name is Hiropon, Chieftain of the Crimson Demon Clan and proudest father there ever was."
ynyn_yukata: "As arch wizard and Chieftain, I bestow this letter upon my beloved daughter!"
ynyn_yukata: "If you are reading this, it likely means I am no longer of this world."
ynyn_yukata: "If this is true, it means I was unsuccessful in my attempts to end the wicked reign of the Bon Dancer."
ynyn_yukata: "Oh beloved daughter, please forgive my inability to carry out my duty as chieftain of our clan!"
darkness: It sounds as though the chieftain was doing everything in his power right up to the very end.
kazuma: You don't think he went to the 
kazuma: library to try and break the curse of the Bon Dancer by himself, do you?
ynyn_yukata: Oh, Dad...
miia_yukata: Did he say anything more about the Bon Dancer?
ynyn_yukata: "While going through the old records, I discovered only one way to deal with this most dire of threats."
ynyn_yukata: "Take the weapon to Archfiend Hill. Once there..." 
ynyn_yukata: But the note ends there. 
kazuma: That doesn't tell us anything! What weapon?!
ynyn_yukata: I-I don't know. But that last part was indeed written by my father.
kazuma: What the hell does that matter?! What's the point if you're going to leave out vital information?! That's stupid!
aqua: C-Calm down, Kazuma! 
aqua: This is bad! Kazuma's fear is actually driving him crazy! 
darkness: We need to determine if Megumin and the others are safe. 
darkness: We may not have the weapon, but we can begin at the hill.
ynyn_yukata: O-Okay, I can lead the way. 
darkness: So this is Archfiend Hill?
aqua: There's something awfully eerie about this place.
miia_yukata: D-Don't worry! I will protect y'all!
ynyn_yukata: Kazuma, are you all right?
kazuma: Y-Yeah... Sorry for losing it back there. 
kazuma: This place gives me the major creeps!
aqua: Well... 
aqua: let's just try to stay calm.
kazuma: Arue and the chieftain are really tough, but they were both taken out. 
kazuma: Without this weapon, I'm not sure we stand a—
darkness: Hm? 
darkness: Did anyone else hear that weird sound just now?
kazuma: Yeah... It sounded like a flute you'd hear at a festival.
aqua: But that doesn't make any sense. We're way too far away from any town to be hearing music.
ynyn_yukata: Hey, look over there! In the water!
aqua: Those look like paper lantern lights. Did someone from the festival take a late-night stroll or something?
kazuma: No, something's not right. Look how high up the lights are. 
kazuma: They look like they're swaying back and forth, too.
miia_yukata: And there are so many of them. 
miia_yukata: Oh, no! They're coming this way!
Festive Bird: YOISA!
kazuma: What the hell is thaaaaaat?!
aqua: Aren't those festival lanterns on its feathers? 
aqua: W-Wait. Does that mean—?!
ynyn_yukata: Is that the Bon Dancer?!
darkness: I never expected I'd actually see it with my own eyes!
miia_yukata: That thing's to blame for this whole mess! Give us our friends back, birdbrain!
Festive Bird: YOISA! YOISAAAA!
aqua: Angry, raging death bird aside, look at this thing's footwork! It's amaaazing.
kazuma: Stop paying it compliments! 
kazuma: Wait, hold on... 
kazuma: Bon dance... 
kazuma: A bird with a bone to pick... 
kazuma: This was all a stupid pun?!
Festive Bird: SEIYA! SOIYA! OISA! HA!
kazuma: What is wrong with the Crimson Demon Claaaaaan?!
