kazuma: Okay, everyone! A toast to another successful quest!
Everyone: Cheers!
aqua: Pwaaah! Nothing beats a cold glass of bubbly after a hard day's work!
kazuma: I would usually point out your absolute uselessness, 
kazuma: but I have to admit, you were a big help this time, Aqua.
megumin: Purging an entire swarm of undead like that... 
megumin: It was rather impressive. My explosion magic wasn't even needed.
darkness: Impressive indeed. 
darkness: My defensive purposes were rendered obsolete. 
aqua: Now you see how wonderful of a goddess I am! 
aqua: Let's drink this place dry!
kazuma: You know, just for today. Excuse me, could we place another order?
chris: Of course. What can I get for you?
kazuma: We'd like two more glasses of bubbly and a plate of fried giant toad— 
kazuma: Wait, Chris?!
darkness: What are you doing working here?
chris: It's kind of a long story...
Waitress A: Chris, when you're done taking that order, table 3 needs its check!
Waitress B: Chris, we need you in the kitchen!
chris: I-I'll be right there! 
chris: Sorry, we'll talk later!
chris: My feet are killing me... All this running around is worse than questing. 
megumin: Come, rest a little. I was surprised to see you working here. 
megumin: Did you take a part-time job?
aqua: I thought I saw you helping with the repairs on the city wall yesterday too. 
chris: That was me. I think I may have spread myself a bit thin, though. 
chris: I'm exhausted. I should turn down the next—
melissa: There you are, Chris. I've been looking everywhere. 
melissa: I need your help on a quest. 
chris: O-Oh, um...
melissa: Come on, let's go. 
melissa: We need to hurry or our target is going to be long gone.
chris: Stop pulling! 
chris: Just give me a second! 
chris: I'm going, already!
kazuma: That was short lived. 
chris: I can't take any more... I-I'm dying...
aqua: You look awful. Actually horrendous. 
chris: It's been nonstop requests lately. Sure the pay is great, but I can't keep this up. 
darkness: While your desire to help others is a fantastic quality, 
darkness: you must look after yourself first. 
miia: There they are! Hey, Kazuma!
kazuma: Oh, Mia! Amy and Squall, too. 
kazuma: What brings you here?
Amy: Well, we were hoping to ask you guys a favor.
chris: A-A favor?! 
chris: Noooooo!
Amy: O-Oh, dear. What's the matter, Chris?
kazuma: Don't worry about her. You just triggered some trauma is all. 
Amy: Is that so? 
Amy: Well, we wanted to invite you to Samuidoh for the Harvest Festival.
megumin: Harvest Festival? What is that?
squall: It's an ancient and honorable tradition held in Samuidoh once a year.
miia: It's a way to pray for a good harvest! After the Gluttonous Dedication, we all dance around the Grand Vegetal!
kazuma: Sounds interesting. 
kazuma: No clue what you just said though.
squall: The Gluttonous Dedication is a contest in which the women compete to see who can eat the most vegetables.
squall: The last one standing is named that year's Grand Vegetal. She becomes a sort of goddess and receives offerings.
darkness: A festival based on an eating contest? How unusual.
Amy: Being named the Grand Vegetal is a great honor. 
Amy: Mia and I are both competing! 
squall: There are plenty of food stalls and activities as well. We would love for you to come. 
megumin: Let's go, Kazuma! Just the mention of rare rituals gets my Crimson Demon blood pumping!
aqua: I agree! I absolutely love festivals!
kazuma: Don't worry, we know. 
kazuma: Hey, if we're going, why don't you join us, Chris?
chris: What? Me?
darkness: Kazuma, Chris just said she's exhausted from helping so many people these past few days.
kazuma: That's exactly why. If she stays here, people will keep asking her for help.
kazuma: This'll be a nice change of pace, don't you think?
darkness: I see. 
darkness: In that case, I agree. You should come along, Chris.
Amy: That sounds wonderful. We would love to have you.
chris: If you insist, I suppose I'll tag along.
ナレーション: With that, Kazuma and company set off for the Harvest Festival to be held in one week's time...
