wiz: I'm back! Vanir, I found the best new product for 
wiz: the shop!
banil: You always say that, but I'm guessing this one's just as bad as everything else you've brought back.
wiz: C-Can you stop jumping to conclusions? 
wiz: You'll regret saying that after you see this.
wiz: This magic headband lights a fire in the wearer's heart! 
wiz: It's perfect for anyone who has trouble feeling motivated!
wiz: The headband gets kind of hot, so there are reports of people getting burned. B-But that's supposed to happen. It's just a feature of the design.
banil: That is not what I would call a feature! 
banil: Nobody is going to buy something that's dangerous!
wiz: Hey! That's not true! I think it'll be popular, especially for
wiz: people who want to do better at work or school. I'll go ahead and order—
banil: We don't need any of those! Are you planning on filling the entire storage room with worthless junk?!
wiz: Stop acting like they won't sell! 
wiz: This product is the next big thing! I'm telling you!
banil: That's enough out of you! 
banil: Vanir's Death R—
wiz: Eeeeeeeeek!
banil: *Sigh*
wiz: H-Huh?
banil: I'll let you off the hook this time, as long as you go 
banil: return those things right now! I have somewhere to be.
wiz: Really? Where are you going?
banil: Mwahahaha! 
banil: It's a secret. ♪
wiz: That was a while ago now. 
wiz: Isn't that odd?
megumin: I agree it doesn't quite feel right for Vanir to forgive you without any sort of punishment.
darkness: Maybe he was just in a good mood. Everyone has days like that every now and then.
wiz: But it wasn't just that one day. He's been acting like 
wiz: that all week.
aqua: Sounds fishy to me. I bet that masked demon is up to something again.
aqua: This is way too dangerous to ignore!
kazuma: Hey, stop jumping to conclusions, will ya? 
kazuma: You may not like him, but people around town sure seem to.
aqua: What? No way!
wiz: It's true. He deals with monsters, protects children, and even gets rid of all the annoying crows that cause trouble around town.
wiz: The women and children really seem to adore him. I see him chatting it up with townspeople quite often.
darkness: I hadn't realized he was fitting in so well.
wiz: He may be kind to everyone else, but he always gets mad at me over my item purchases. 
wiz: That's what makes this so strange.
wiz: He's been letting all of my mistakes go lately—
wiz: with a smile too! 
wiz: Before, he'd shoot me with his Death Ray at least three times a day.
megumin: The fact that you're still alive is honestly impressive.
kazuma: I'm actually more impressed the shop hasn't gone under.
wiz: For the past few days, Vanir has been leaving work. He completely disappears and doesn't come back until the next morning.
wiz: So I finally realized what's going on. 
wiz: I think Vanir might have fallen in love with someone—
kazuma: Mmmkay, meeting adjourned. 
kazuma: Aqua, could you put some tea on?
wiz: K-Kazuma, wait. Please hear me out.
kazuma: Sorry, but I find this whole relationship thing hard to believe.
darkness: He's a demon. I highly doubt anything romantic could be happening...
wiz: But seeing how happy he's been 
wiz: reminds me of an old friend of mine when they first fell in love!
wiz: I-If Vanir leaves, what's going to happen to my store?!
aqua: Immediately go under...?
kazuma: Ugh, do you always need to be so blunt? 
kazuma: Wiz, she didn't mean to upset—
wiz: She's right! I'll probably go out of business!
kazuma: You're just going to agree with her?!
wiz: But I cannot let that happen. 
wiz: That's why I need your help to find out what's really going on with Vanir!
kazuma: Errr, he's allowed to have a personal life, you know.
wiz: Please! You're the only ones who can help with something this important!
kazuma: Well, when you put it that way... 
kazuma: I suppose we do owe a lot to your shop. All right, we'll help.
wiz: Th-Thank you so much!
kazuma: If he really is dating someone, I'm curious to know who it'd be. 
kazuma: Plus, then I could use that as leverage against him...
aqua: Kazuma's plotting something again. 
aqua: Whenever he has that look, he ends up getting into some sort of trouble.
darkness: He really never learns, does he?
megumin: With my eyepatch off, my all-powerful evil eye 
megumin: shall uncover the truth in our greatest moment of need!
darkness: Wh-What's gotten into you, Megumin?
megumin: Hehehe! The thought of tracking down a demon from the depths of 
megumin: Hell gets my Crimson Demon blood pumping!
wiz: Thank you so much, everyone! Please meet me first thing tomorrow morning!
