ナレーション: As usual, Mitsurugi was surrounded by admirers at the guild...
mitsurugi: You baked these cookies 
mitsurugi: for me from scratch?
Adoring Adventurer A: Yes, I made them especially for you, Mitsurugi! Say "ah!"
Adoring Adventurer B: Hey, not so fast! Mitsurugi needs to try the cake that I made for him first!
mitsurugi: Please— There's no need to argue! I look forward to eating both of these later. Thank you.
Adoring Adventurer A: *Sigh* Mitsurugi is so dreamy...
Kazuma, Dust: Ugh...
dust: Why is he the popular one?! I just don't get it!
kazuma: I sure wish they'd stop doting on that useless chump and
notice our charms for once. 
kazuma: We're the ones who put in the real work.
Adoring Adventurer B: Did you two just call Mitsurugi a useless chump? How dare you!
dust: Huh? You've got guts, picking a fight with us.
Adoring Adventurer A: They're just jealous that Mitsurugi could crush them beneath his boot. They're ranked so far beneath him that it'd be like a gnat fighting the sun.
kazuma: Me? Ranked beneath Mitsurugi?
kazuma: And there you have it. With that, I'm sure you can now see that I, Kazuma Satou, 
kazuma: am clearly the better adventurer. 
kazuma: I hope you don't forget it. 
dust: Kazuma's the one who'd crush Mitsurugi beneath his boot!
Adoring Adventurer B: Yeah, right! You expect me to believe that a mediocre guy like him could defeat the Devil King's generals?!
Adoring Adventurer A: He even claims that he defeated Mitsurugi is a fight! That's obviously a lie, right Mitsurugi?!
mitsurugi: It is not. I hate to admit to such an embarrassing defeat, but I did indeed lose to Kazuma Satou... 
mitsurugi: It is also true that he has defeated multiple generals in the Devil King's army.
Adoring Adventurer A: Well, even so, Mitsurugi is still far superior!
Adoring Adventurer B: Yeah! Not only is he a mighty adventurer, he's also kind and a total gentleman. He's clearly a better person than you!
kazuma: A better person?!
luna: I apologize, Mitsurugi, but might I request your assistance regarding an urgent matter?
mitsurugi: Miss Luna? What happened?
luna: A pack of Blood Fangs has appeared in the nearby forest, but it's too large for other adventurers to handle. 
luna: I was hoping you could do something.
mitsurugi: Understood. Rest assured, I'll take care of it at once.
luna: Thank you so much!
Adoring Adventurer A: Mitsurugi, please let me go with you!
Adoring Adventurer B: M-Me too! I'll help however I can!
mitsurugi: Thank you, but I would be remiss to expose beginners to such a risk. 
mitsurugi: I shall take care of this on my own.
Adoring Adventurer A: Mitsurugi, you're so brave!
Adoring Adventurer B: He's so cool!
kazuma: Damn! He's always getting praise! 
kazuma: ...Wait, hold on a second. 
kazuma: If I show Mitsurugi up on this quest, his hangers-on will be forced to admit how great I am!
kazuma: ...
kazuma: Ahem. Hold on, Mitsurugi. I will assist you. And what's more, 
kazuma: how about we make things interesting with a contest?
kazuma: The rules are simple: whoever eliminates more Blood Fangs will be recognized as the better adventurer.
mitsurugi: I refuse. This is no time for games.
kazuma: Oh? Could it be that the famous adventurer Mitsurugi, wielder of the demon blade, is afraid of a challenge?
mitsurugi: No, it's just—
Adoring Adventurer A: Mitsurugi, teach this guy a lesson!
Adoring Adventurer B: Yeah! There's no way you could lose to him!
kazuma: See? You wouldn't want to disappoint your adoring fans now, would you? Could you really call yourself a hero?
mitsurugi: ...Very well, I accept your challenge! But there are people who need help, 
mitsurugi: that should be our greatest priority!
Adoring Adventurers: We'll see you off, Mitsurugi!
kazuma: Hahahaha! Mitsurugi fell for it hook, line, and sinker.
dust: Kazuma, what are you doing? Should you really be challenging him like this?
kazuma: Don't worry, I have a plan. Listen to this. 
kazuma: First, I'll let Mitsurugi start the battle. Then, when 
kazuma: the Blood Fangs are weakened, I'll steal his sword.
kazuma: Without his sword, Mitsurugi'll be in real trouble. That's when we appear, saving him from the monsters he's weakened.
kazuma: Not only will we win the contest, but he'll owe us a huge favor. Nice plan, don't you think?
dust: That's perfect, Kazuma! You're the best at devising the sleaziest plans!
kazuma: Hey, what do you mean sleazy?! 
kazuma: You saw how they ignored us. We can't just sit here and take that, you know!
dust: Of course not. 
dust: Wait, "we"?
kazuma: Dust, I'm enlisting your help to successfully complete this mission.
dust: I'm sure you already know my services don't come cheap.
kazuma: Of course. Will this be satisfactory?
dust: Let's see... 
dust: Is this a platinum ticket to you-know-where?!
dust: You're a man after my own heart! Ask anything you like from me! Today, you have my undying loyalty, Master Kazuma!
kazuma: Just you wait, Mitsurugi! It's time to teach you a lesson!
