A Dungeon for This Masked Demon! - P6
Destroyer Prototype: Bzzzzzzttt!
darkness: Get behind me, everyone... Urgh!
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
darkness: 　
kazuma: Darkness!
darkness: D-Don't worry, Kazuma. This is nothing... Hrk!
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
darkness: 　
banil: Hmm... If I let them die after all the entertainment they provided me, I'd likely lose sleep. 
banil: I'll lend them a hand, I guess...
banil: Vanir's Death Ray!
Destroyer Prototype: Bzzzzzzttt!
kazuma: Now's our chance! Give it everything you've got! Wiz, keep it still! 
kazuma: Aqua, you break through its barrier!
wiz: Understood! Cursed Crystal Prison!
aqua: All right, here goes! Sacred Break Spell!
kazuma: The barrier's down! You're up, Megumin!
megumin: Crimson flame, born of the night to vanquish all darkness! Come forth and dance brightly with our iron visitor!
megumin: EXPLOSION!!!
Destroyer Prototype: Bzzzzzzttt...
kazuma: Phew... Good job, everyone. 
kazuma: But you, Vanir. You went way too far this time.
banil: And yet thanks to you, I was able to enjoy such exquisite agony. 
banil: You have my deepest gratitude.
banil: And you, pitiful shopkeeper. Seeing as how Vanir's Dungeon has been destroyed, 
banil: I promise to come back to the shop.
wiz: Y-You mean it?!
banil: I do. I expect you to assist me in constructing a new dungeon together in the future.
wiz: Of course! That sounds great! 
wiz: I promise to help you build one with even deadlier traps than this one!
aqua: That's great you made up and all, but don't expect our help ever again! 
aqua: I'm through with liches and demons!
kazuma: Do you really have to jinx us every single time? 
kazuma: Oh well, at least this whole thing is finally over.
megumin: Kazuma, I have a favor to ask.
kazuma: I know, I know. You need me to pick you up, right?
megumin: That too, but would you mind also grabbing a piece of the Destroyer for me?
kazuma: Huh? What for?
megumin: I'd like to take home a souvenir.
kazuma: All right, if you insist. 
kazuma: How about this one— 
kazuma: Hm?
megumin: What is it, Kazuma?
kazuma: There's writing on this iron plate. 
kazuma: Oh no...
aqua: What's it say? "Prototype #7"?
kazuma: That means there are at least six more of these things still out there somewhere?!
banil: Mwahahaha! 
banil: Looks like you have a lot more adventures like this to look forward to!
banil: Welcome in!
megumin: Oh, is Wiz out today?
banil: She's taking out the garbage.
aqua: Oh, looks like she forgot to bring out this nasty old mask and the thing it's attached to.
banil: And here I thought everyone knew the trashiest thing in this world was that third-rate water goddess's religion...
aqua: What did you just say?! 
aqua: You have some nerve insulting me and my adorable followers! Let's take this outside, demon!
banil: Mwahaha! 
banil: With pleasure! You shall finally learn that Vanir, Master Demon, far surpasses your little bag of party tricks!
kazuma: Come on, you two. Calm down... 
kazuma: What's wrong, Vanir? You seem extra tense today.
banil: Hmph. That pitiful shopkeeper put us in the red yet again by ordering more strange items.
banil: I'll have to put in more overtime this month just to make enough to cover rent.
aqua: Pft! *Snicker* You can't even afford rent? You must be the laughingstock of demons.
darkness: It's a little frightening how Wiz can go so far into the red in only a few days' time...
kazuma: I wonder if she'd be better off being an adventurer again.
banil: I will admit, I wonder the same thing myself sometimes.
wiz: I'm back! 
wiz: Oh, hello everyone. Welcome.
darkness: I thought you were taking out the garbage. What is that you're carrying?
wiz: Oh, this is something I bought from a traveling merchant I bumped into. 
wiz: He said it's the loudest music box in the worl—
banil: Damn you! Do you even realize how hard I work to make up for your stupid mistakes?! 
banil: Vanir's Death Ray!
wiz: W
wiz: aaaaaaaaahhh!!!
kazuma: Vanir was right. I have a feeling it's going to be a long time before they can construct their own dungeon.
kazuma: I just hope that we can avoid running into any more Destroyer prototypes along the way.
