kazuma: Aqua, why, why, WHY do you put us in mortal danger 
kazuma: on every single quest?
aqua: It's not my fault I'm so holy, okay? My aura attracts the undead!
kazuma: Nothing, I repeat NOTHING about you is remotely holy! 
kazuma:  ...Aside from being a holy pain in the ass!
aqua: Kazumaaa! How could you be so mean? Awful Kazuma!
darkness: I, on the other hand, have no complaints! 
darkness: Getting trampled by droves of undead is a rapturous experience!
kazuma: And you! Darkness! You failed to perform your most basic 
kazuma: duty of being our defense! You call yourself a crusader?
darkness: Oh my! 
darkness: As always, you don't hold back on the harsh criticism. 
darkness: Berate me more, please!
megumin: Kazuma, Kazuma! I didn't get to fire off an Explosion today! 
megumin: I need something to blow up—now!
megumin: Gimme a target, something large and sturdy. I'm gonna go crazy!
kazuma: Dammit all. I hate this party! Shouldn't a fantasy world be filled with hot, NON-crazy girls?!
iris_stealth: Brother, are you okay? 
iris_stealth: Today is the day we enjoy the cherry blossoms together. Might I suggest we relax a little? 
clair: You heard the princess, Kazuma Satou. You will either relax, or suffer the consequences.
kazuma: Your wish is my command. 
kazuma: I WAS looking forward to the cherry blossoms, but as usual, it's been disaster.
erica: Hang in there, Kazuma. At least you get to come! Lia and Cielo 
erica: already had plans. 
erica: Besides, we're almost there!
ynyn: A picnic with my friends, under the cherry blossoms. It's like a dream. 
ynyn: I-I made lunch for everyone! Took me all night...
megumin: You really go overboard for the most trivial things... 
megumin: That said, I will gladly eat all the lunches for you!
ynyn: All?! Please don't... 
ynyn: I mean it, please.
erica: Hmm... That's weird.
darkness: What's wrong? Did we take the wrong path?
erica: No, we're almost there, but look.
iris_stealth: Amazing! Cherry blossoms as far as the eye can see. 
iris_stealth: I've never seen anything quite like it.
darkness: Every gust of wind conjures a cloud of pink petals. It's simply breathtaking.
clair: It dulls in comparison to the princess. 
clair: She's more beautiful than any stunning scenery. 
erica: This place is beautiful beyond words! I didn't remember it being here!
aqua: Well, what are we waiting for? Kazuma, let's get this picnic under way—pronto!
aqua: I brought all the liquid goodness I could find just for today. Even prepared a few new party tricks!
kazuma: I was wondering what you were lugging around. 
kazuma: Unfortunately, Aqua, no liquid goodness for you today.
kazuma: This is punishment for almost killing us with an undead army. And anyways, you always hog all the drink.
aqua: What are these words, you detestable, confused little man? 
aqua: I brought the drink. I drink the drink. 
aqua: It's very simple. 
kazuma: Yes, you brought it, but who do you think BOUGHT it, you penniless goddess?!
aqua: *Whimper* I hate you, Kazuma! You're such a evil meanie, you know that?!
kazuma: Anyway, before we get this picnic under way, might I propose a toast? 
kazuma: Yunyun, be a doll and fill me up.
ynyn: S-Sure thing!
kazuma: Would you look at that? 
kazuma: A petal landed in my cup. My cup filled with booze. 
kazuma: This is a picture-perfect picnic. 
kazuma: Bottoms up! 
kazuma: ...Ahhh, ecstasy!
aqua: Th-This is worse than torture! 
aqua: Kazuma I'm sorry! Like, the most sorry I've ever been! So let me have just one sip, please!
kazuma: Hmm.... nope! 
kazuma: Yunyun, hit me again. Okay, that's enough, thank you kindly.
？？？: ...er.
？？？: ...ther.
kazuma: Huh? The heck's happening?
？？？: Brother!
iris_school: Hurry and get ready, sleepyhead! 
kazuma_jersey: What 
kazuma_jersey: in the... 
kazuma_jersey: Wait, wasn't I just having a picnic? With my friends? In a different world? 
ynyn_school2: Hehe, we're in Japan, dummy. Wake up already.
kazuma_jersey: Oh, Japan. JAPAAAAAAAAAN?
kazuma_jersey: !
