God's Blessing on Those from DanMachi! - P6
darkness_D: Haaaaaah!
aiz: Lil Rafaga!
Minotaur: Groooar!
bell: Fire Bolt!
One-horned Minotaur: Grrraaaaaarrr!
liliruca: There are too many of them. We're barely making a dent.
aqua_D: Kazuma, can you actually do something and come up with a plan already?!
kazuma: The monsters are all bunched up in one place. This is probably our best shot. 
kazuma: Everyone, fall back!
kazuma: Megumin! Now!
megumin: I'm on it!
megumin: I'm Megumin, premier spellcaster of the Crimson Demon Clan and master of explosion magic! 
megumin: Behold my awesome power!
megumin: Here goes! 
megumin: Explosion!
Minotaurs: Grooooooaaarrr...
bell: Th-That was incredible, Megumin! I've never seen such powerful magic before.
liliruca: You obliterated an entire group of minotaurs with just a single spell! 
liliruca: I didn't realize you were so strong!
megumin: I see you have finally realized my true power. 
megumin: Heh... 
megumin: I'm afraid I can no longer move, though...
hestia: Megumin, are you all right?!
kazuma: Oh, don't worry about her. This is normal. 
Flash Lizard Runner: Rrraaah... Rrraaah...
aiz: That blast has rendered the lizard unconscious as well.
kazuma: Good, no more running away this time. 
kazuma: Quick! Tie it up!
Flash Lizard Runner: Rrraaah...
hestia: Oh, is that so? I see. You were just playing around? 
kazuma: Hey, what is Hestia doing?
liliruca: She is currently negotiating with the flash lizard runner to return us to our world.
kazuma: She can do that?! 
kazuma: What a rather useful goddess. 
hestia: Negotiations are now complete. It has agreed to return us home. However, we must remove its bindings.
bell: Really? 
bell: That's great! I'll untie them right—
kazuma: Hold on! It'll probably just run away again. 
hestia: Don't worry. This little guy is actually pretty friendly. 
kazuma: Well, if you're sure. 
kazuma: There. Don't go running away on me again, all right?
Flash Lizard Runner: Rrraaah! ♪
aqua_D: He sure sounds happy. You know, he's actually kinda cute now that I get a good look at him.
liliruca: I guess that means this is goodbye.
hestia: Gather round, everyone. He says he can take us back to Orario right away.
megumin: What? You're leaving already? 
megumin: You could stick around another day, you know.
liliruca: We're worried about Orario. 
liliruca: And I'm sure we'll meet again. 
liliruca: N-Next time, we'll try matching outfits. 
megumin: I shall hold you to your pledge. 
bell: Kazuma, thank you for all your help.
bell:  Although our time here was brief, I enjoyed it immensely. 
kazuma: I should be the one thanking you. Or maybe apologizing. 
kazuma: Our mistake ended up causing a lot of trouble for you.
bell: No, it's all right. We met all of you, after all. 
bell: Wouldn't you agree, Goddess?
hestia: That's right. Aqua, everyone, we may be worlds apart, 
hestia: but we've forged a lasting friendship!
darkness_D: If we happen to meet again, I would love more sword lessons. 
aiz: Of course. It's a promise.
bell: Well then...
Everyone: Until we meet again!
Flash Lizard Runner: Piiiiii!
Flash Lizard Runner: 　
megumin: Well, there they go. I'm going to miss them.
kazuma: Me too. They sure were a lively bunch.
aqua_D: Hey, Kazuma? Remind me what we came all the way out here for again, would you?
kazuma: Did you forget already? We came out here to recapture the flash lizard runner 
kazuma: and finish our escort—
kazuma: Ah! It disappeared with Bell back to his world! 
kazuma: It has to come back!
kazuma: We can't afford another failed quest!
darkness_D: It's fine. Now that my attacks actually hit things, 
darkness_D: we can take on even more difficult quests to earn money.
Giant Toad: Crooooooak!
aqua_D: Eep! Another giant toad?!
megumin: It would appear the thundering blast of my explosion awoke it from its slumber. 
darkness_D: No matter. Feel the sharp edge of my blade! 
darkness_D: Hah!
Giant Toad: Croak?
darkness_D: Hyup! Haaah! 
darkness_D: Wait... 
darkness_D: What?!
kazuma: A swing and a miss...
darkness_D: What's going on, Kazuma?! My attacks aren't landing like they were before! What do I do?!
kazuma: Don't tell me you've reverted back to your old self already. 
kazuma: Wait, that means...
aqua_D: This is bad, Kazuma! Let's get out of here!
kazuma: Not only did we fail the quest, but Darkness still can't hit the broad side of a barn! Curse it all!
Bell, Ais, Liliruca: —
Bell, Ais, Liliruca: Oof!
hestia: Where are... 
hestia: Hey, we're back in Orario! Thank you, Mr. 
hestia: Flash Lizard Runner! 
hestia: Wait, what the—?
liliruca: I don't see him. I wonder if he's already gone off to another world again.
Mysterious Voice: Curse it all!
aiz: Huh? 
aiz: I thought I heard Kazuma's voice just now.
bell: He must be cheering us on. 
bell: Even in different worlds, we're both adventurers. I'm excited to see how we both grow. 
ナレーション: Mistaking Kazuma's cry of anguish for one of encouragement, Bell found a renewed determination to grow stronger.
