God's Blessing on Those from DanMachi! - P2
ナレーション: Hestia and the others' sudden appearance from the sky left Kazuma and company in stunned surprise...
hestia: Where am I?
aqua: Are you all right? We're just outside the town of Axel.
hestia: What? I've never heard of such a place... 
hestia: Oh, I nearly forgot! Is everyone all right?!
aiz: I'm unharmed. Bell, are you hurt?
bell: Nnngh...
hestia: Bell, are you all right?! Speak to me!
kazuma: For some reason, this group strikes me as a bit odd...
darkness: How exactly did you fall from the sky? Who are you?
liliruca: We're not sure. There was this strange, glowing monster, then the next thing we knew, everything started to blur.
megumin: A glowing monster? 
megumin: Hold on a minute! Did this monster happen to look like a large lizard?!
liliruca: That's right. Have you seen it before?
kazuma: N-No way...
megumin: That speed sure was something. 
megumin: I feel bad. It's so fast the princess runner didn't notice its marriage proposal.
darkness: Yeah, it looked quite frustrated. I can almost believe the legends of it punching a hole through to another world.
kazuma: Are you saying the legends were true?! Did that flash lizard runner bring these guys here from another world?!
aiz: Do you happen to know anything about that monster?
kazuma: Well, it's kind of a long story...
Minotaurs: Rrraaaaaawwwrrr!
aqua: Kazuma, this is bad! Now we've got huge, scary-looking monsters falling from the sky!
hestia: Those are minotaurs!
Murder Bear, Blood Fang: Grrraaarrr!
liliruca: Eep! There are more monsters I've never seen before over here, too! 
liliruca: But we're not in a dungeon! 
liliruca: What's going on?!
hestia: Bell's fallen unconscious. It's too dangerous to fight.
kazuma: Let's make a run for it!
hestia: Thanks for helping us get out of that. 
hestia: I appreciate you letting us use your mansion to look after Bell, as well.
bell: I apologize for causing you all so much trouble. 
bell: If only I hadn't lost consciousness...
darkness: There's nothing to apologize for. It's only proper to lend a hand to those in need.
hestia: Could we get back to what's happening here? I take it you know something about that monster we encountered?
kazuma: Well, I suppose you could say that... 
kazuma: I'll explain more, but could you promise not to get angry?
hestia: So you're saying this flash lizard runner thing, which you guys let escape, has dragged us to another world?!
hestia: What sort of person lets a monster loose just so they can see how fast it runs?!
kazuma: I'm so sorry! My party is full of morons!
aiz: Another world? 
aiz: It's hard to believe, but everything is so different here that I suppose it's the only explanation.
aiz: Those minotaurs must have been transported here with us.
liliruca_lightcloth: Oh no... 
liliruca_lightcloth: Will we be able to return to our own world?
hestia: We'll find a way home, no matter what. 
hestia: Of course, you will all be assisting us.
hestia: Recapturing this flash lizard runner is likely going to take time. 
hestia: We still know very little about this world.
kazuma: Of course we'll help! 
kazuma: If we don't manage to catch that monster, we're going to be in a lot of trouble too.
bell: In that case, we look forward to working with you... 
bell: Er, um...
aqua: Oh, we still haven't introduced ourselves, have we? 
aqua: I'm Aqua. This here is Kazuma, and that's Megumin and Darkness.
bell: Greetings. 
bell: My name is Bell Cranel, an adventurer with the Hestia Familia.
aiz: I'm Ais Wallenstein of the Loki Familia.
liliruca_lightcloth: My name is Liliruca Arde. I'm Bell's supporter. 
liliruca_lightcloth: It's nice to meet all of you.
megumin: Liliruca, you're quite mature for someone so young. 
megumin: You remind me of my cute younger sister, Komekko.
liliruca_lightcloth: Hmph! 
liliruca_lightcloth: Megumin, I'll have you know my height is a result of me being a Pallum. I would wager I am older than you are.
hestia: And I'm Hestia, chief deity of the Hestia Familia to which Bell belongs!
kazuma: ...Deity? 
kazuma: Does that mean you're a goddess?
hestia: That's right! I'm Hestia, goddess of the hearth!
kazuma: Seriously?! We've got a goddess from another world here?!
megumin: Someone just shows up out of nowhere and declares herself a goddess? I don't know. Sounds kind of fishy to me.
bell: She really is a genuine goddess. 
bell: Although, I am her only follower at the moment.
darkness: A goddess from another world? That's a surprise.
aqua: Really? As goddess of water, 
aqua: I could sense her aura was just as divine as mine from the moment we met.
liliruca_lightcloth: Huh? 
liliruca_lightcloth: Aqua, you're the goddess of water?
kazuma: She is always saying that, but she's just confused is all. 
kazuma: It's actually kind of sad. She's nothing like your goddess.
aqua: Kazuma, how can you believe Hestia so easily?! And you know full well that I'm a proper goddess too!
aqua: I'm the deity of the Order of Axis. With the number of followers I have, I'm way more of a goddess than she is!
hestia: What did you just say?
aqua: Well, it's true. Bell just said he's your only follower. In other words, you don't have anyone else, right?
hestia: Hrngh... T-Technically, yes, Bell is my only member.
hestia: Even so, I'd say that's still better than someone whose very own friends don't even believe she's a goddess!
Aqua, Hestia: Hrrrgggh...
bell: Goddess, please calm down. We should be focusing on how to get back to our own world.
aqua: If you're so confident, let's have a contest to see who's the better goddess!
hestia: You're on! I've basically already won!
aqua: I'll absolutely crush you, goddess to goddess!
hestia: Bring it on!
kazuma: Hey, where the heck are you two going?! 
kazuma: What about the flash lizard runner?!
ナレーション: Ignoring Kazuma's attempts to stop them, Aqua and Hestia raced out into the town...
