A Bon Dance for This Crimson Demon Festival! - P6
Festive Bird: Soiya! Soiya! Soiya! Soiya!
darkness: Agh... This thing just doesn't give up, does it?!
Festive Bird: Seiya! Soiya! Oisa! Hoisahaha!
aqua: It sure is enjoying itself. It's almost like it's trying to show off all the paper lanterns.
miia_yukata: Festivals are about everyone eating food and dancing together—not fighting birds! 
miia_yukata: Let the Crimson Demon Village enjoy its festival in peace!
miia_yukata: Boulder Bomber!
Festive Bird: SOIYAAAA!
kazuma: Nice one, Mia! Keep it up!
ynyn_yukata: Come on, everyone! Let's back her up. 
ynyn_yukata: Light of Saber!
Festive Bird: Yoiyasaaa...
kazuma: Did we do it?!
ynyn_yukata: Yeah, I think we got it this time!
arue: Now that was quite the performance. 
arue: I should've expected as much from the chieftain's daughter.
ynyn_yukata: Ah, stop. You're going to make me blush, Arue.
Chieftain: The future chieftain needn't be so modest! Maybe it's just the overly supportive parent in me talking, but you're going places! Haha!
ynyn_yukata: Not you too! Stop it, Dad!
megumin: Mia, that attack of yours was quite impressive as well!
komekko_yukata: You did great.
miia_yukata: Thanks! I was— 
miia_yukata: Huh?
Everyone: Whaaaaaaaaat?!
ynyn_yukata: What's going on?! 
ynyn_yukata: Did defeating the Bon Dancer somehow free all of you?!
Chieftain: I suppose you could say that. Everything went exactly according to script!
ynyn_yukata: Wait. What script?!
arue: The chieftain was excited about everyone being here this year. 
arue: He asked us to write the perfect screenplay this time.
Chieftain: It's the clan's duty to keep the formidable Bon Dancer at bay. However, a simple battle is far too uninspired.
Chieftain: That's why we devise an elaborate story every year for the whole village to enjoy!
Chieftain: So? How did you enjoy the thrilling main event of this year's Fire Festival, my daughter?
ynyn_yukata: Y-You're terrible!
Chieftain: Well, that was unexpected... This tradition is common knowledge. You're probably the only one who doesn't know about it.
ynyn_yukata: W-Wait, you all knew about this?
komekko_yukata: Of course.
arue: It is the Crimson Demon way to go along with it. 
arue: And everyone was able to enjoy themselves again this year. Mission successful.
megumin: Even people outside the village probably know about this by now, but I guess you're always by yourself...
megumin: You've never stuck around for the entire festival. 
megumin: It's not our fault you didn't know about the Bon Dancer.
ynyn_yukata: You're all awful!
megumin: You say that, but think about it. 
megumin: You're finally a real Fire Festival master like everyone else.
ynyn_yukata: I never wanted to be some master! Aaargh! 
ynyn_yukata: 　　
megumin: Ouch! K-Knock it off! Stop pinching me!
kazuma: Uh... Aqua, Darkness...? What did we come here for again?
aqua: I believe we came to enjoy a fun summer festival...
darkness: Hehe... Well, thankfully, everyone's safe. 
darkness: Let's just add this to the list of Crimson Demon eccentricities.
miia_yukata: I don't really get what's going on... 
miia_yukata: But as long as I can get more yakisoba, who cares!
megumin: Oh, that reminds me. The Fire Festival has another rule... 
megumin: Whoever finished off the Bon Dancer gets 10 billion points.
arue: And since Yunyun dealt the finishing blow... 
arue: that makes you this year's winner!
komekko_yukata: Congratulations, Yunyun!
ynyn_yukata: Huh?! 
ynyn_yukata: Wait, that means...
Chieftain: I'm so proud. After leaving mid-festival for so many years, my daughter's finally going to give the final speech!
ynyn_yukata: Seriously?! First you put me through that awful ordeal, and now I'm being punished?!
miia_yukata: Go get 'em, Yunyun! You deserve this!
aqua: Mia's right! Get up there and give them the best speech they've ever heard!
darkness: Make your father proud! Good luck, Yunyun.
ynyn_yukata: Hrng... I wish you weren't all so supportive...
kazuma: Hey, don't look at me. I've got nothing to add.
ynyn_yukata: B-But I...
kazuma: Hey, Megumin and the rest of us are here with you this year. 
kazuma: Just relax and give it your best shot.
ynyn_yukata: Hrng... It doesn't look like there's any way out of this... Maybe he's right, though. 
ynyn_yukata: With everyone's support...
ynyn_yukata: Ehem. I, uh, conquered everything today!
kazuma: Oh, no... This is rough. Yunyun can't catch a break.
arue: What are you talking about? She gets to go up on the grandest stage in all the land!
ynyn_yukata: Hear me, festivalgoers! I am your supreme ruler! 
ynyn_yukata: Witness my bravery and burn this moment into your memories!
darkness: She may be a little awkward and nervous up there, but she's still doing a great job.
Chieftain: Yunyun, you got this! Keep going! 
aqua: You're doing great! Keep it up!
miia_yukata: We believe in you, Yunyun!
ynyn_yukata: M-My name is Yunyun! Master of the Fire Festival... 
ynyn_yukata: And slayer of the foul Bon Dancer!
komekko_yukata: Hurray for the next chieftain! Wielder of Azure Lightning!
ynyn_yukata: D-Do you really have to come up with a title for me?! This is so embarrassing...
Crimson Demons: Wielder of Azure Lightning!
ynyn_yukata: P-P-Please, don't call me that!
megumin: Hehe, Yunyun seems happy.
kazuma: You sure we're watching the same thing?
darkness: Now that we've recovered all the lanterns from the Bon Dancer... 
darkness: we can finally go and enjoy the festivities.
aqua: Excuse me, you're a member of the Crimson Demon Clan, right? 
aqua: Where might one go to find some bubbly?
kazuma: A whole festival to enjoy, and she's worried about bubbly. 
kazuma: Y'know, I gotta admit, I was kinda nervous for a second today.
ynyn_yukata: Please, I can't handle any more praise!
komekko_yukata: I'm gonna win next year.
miia_yukata: More fried chicken, please!
kazuma: After everything we had to deal with, I'm glad we can just chill at a summer festival now.
