ナレーション: Alone in his room, Kazuma grins as he looks over the flyer he received earlier that day...
kazuma: The Succubus Shop has a seasonal special? Hehehe... 
kazuma: It's kind of expensive, 
kazuma: but I'd hate to miss out 
kazuma: on trying it.
megumin: Did I hear something about blowing things up?!
kazuma: M-Megumin?! 
kazuma: H-H-Haven't you heard of knocking?!
aqua: We were, but you didn't respond.
darkness: We heard an evil-sounding laugh. Are you all righ—
darkness: Hm? What's that flyer, Kazuma?
kazuma: Oh, it's nothing! Don't worry about it.
megumin: You're acting suspicious...
kazuma: I am not. Anyway, what are you all doing barging into my room? 
kazuma: What do you want?
darkness: We have a visitor. Rin apparently has a favor to ask us.
kazuma: Rin's here?
lean: So anyway, I was hoping you'd help me look for Dust. 
lean: It's already been three days since he said he'd be back.
kazuma: Three days? That's not good. I hope he didn't get hurt. 
kazuma: You said he accepted a quest, right? What kind of quest was it?
lean: It was a bounty for some orcs on the outskirts of town.
kazuma: Aaagh! 
kazuma: Aqua, Darkness, Megumin, t-this one's all you.
darkness: What?! 
darkness: Your friend's gone missing on a quest! How could you even think about staying behind?
aqua: We can't blame him. He's had traumatic experiences with orcs before, remember?
megumin: That really was awful... Chased by a huge group of orcs, only to then—
kazuma: Stop! I don't want to think about it! 
kazuma: I don't care what you say, I never wanna see another orc as long as I live!
lean: I-I didn't know about that. 
lean: Sorry to dig up old memories...
darkness: Ehem. If Dust got attacked by orcs, he's in a lot of danger. 
darkness: We should leave as soon as we can.
lean: Really? 
lean: Thank you!
aqua: Is it just me or does Darkness seem a bit excited?
megumin: Probably because we're dealing with orcs. 
megumin: I remember her mentioning something about female knights and orcs before.
darkness: I'm not excited! As a knight, I simply cannot allow orcs to roam free! 
darkness: Don't listen to anything Megumin says!
kazuma: You're clearly looking forward to this.
lean: Are you sure you're okay, Kazuma? I thought you didn't want to see another orc.
kazuma: Hmph. My friend is in danger. 
kazuma: Besides, we can't refuse after hearing that generous quest reward you're offering us!
kazuma: With my cut, I'll be able to afford the seasonal special at the Succubus Shop! 
kazuma: Oh, man. I can't wait!
megumin: Kazuma seems a lot more confident than usual.
aqua: He's clearly blinded by greed. 
aqua: I can tell by the look on his face. Nothing good ever happens when he's—
lean: Hey! Hold on, everyone! 
lean: These...are Dust's shoes.
megumin: And that's not all. 
megumin: There are clothes scattered all over the place, too.
kazuma: A den of orcs...
kazuma: clothes ripped up all over the ground... It can't be!
dust: Ngh! Hrrrmmm!
aqua: There's a voice coming from up ahead!
dust: Hrmmm!
lean: D-Dust! Are you all right?!
darkness: He's only wearing underwear? And is that a gag? 
darkness: You look like you're having fun, Dust.
kazuma: I agree. Sorry for interrupting. We'll be going now.
dust: Hrm?!
megumin: It looks like he's on the verge of tears.
aqua: They're just joking. We wouldn't just leave you here like this. 
aqua: Here, I'll take out that gag. Hold still.
lean: I picked up your clothes, too. Put them on, will you?
dust: *Gasp* That was terrifying! I thought I was a goner! Thank you so much for finding meeeeee!
kazuma: There, there. It's going to be all—huh?! You're covered in bruises! Damn, we're too late... I'm so sorry, Dust!
lean: This is all my fault! If only I'd come sooner!
dust: What are you talking about?! Nothing wild happened! These are all from fighting back when I got captured!
kazuma: It's okay, you don't have to say anything. We'll get you home and into a nice, hot bath. Let me cut those ropes.
dust: Come on, we need to get out of here before we're all turned 
dust: into human sacrifices!
darkness: Human sacrifices?
megumin: You don't mean by the orcs, do you? 
megumin: Since when did they start sacrificing people?
dust: No idea. They said that I was a gift for their depressed friend! 
dust: I've been tied up for the past two days!
Orcs: Grrraaaaaahhh!!!
lean: Orcs! 
lean: They've got us surrounded!
？？？: Oh, it is you, darling! I'm so glad I did as the fortune teller instructed! Fate has brought us together again!
kazuma: Are you talking to me?
Swattinase: It's me, Swattinase! I've been so lonely without you! I've been craving you, in both body and soul!
megumin: Could that be... 
megumin: The same orc that attacked Kazuma before?!
kazuma: Why did it have to be her?!
Swattinase: Farewell sad, lonely me of yesterday. Our perfect life together begins today!
dust: Lucky you, Kazuma! Well, it looks like you won't be 
dust: needing me anymore, 
dust: so I'm gonna head out now.
kazuma: Whoa, 
kazuma: whoa, whoa! 
kazuma: Dust, we're only here because of you. 
kazuma: Besides, you're supposed to be the one getting sacrificed!
Swattinase: Hey, there's no need to fight over little old me. I have more than enough love for the both of you. ♡
dust: We are not fighting over you!
kazuma: Ew, never! Ugh. Why did I even come here? 
kazuma: I had a feeling something like this would happen!
Swattinase: Enough talking. Let's stop dawdling around and start a family right now!
Kazuma, Dust: Hard pass!
