Elder Gremlin - P2
chris: This is the end for you!
Elder Gremlin: Graaaaaah!
kazuma: Okay, that should be the last of them. I'm not picking anything up with my Enemy Detection skill.
chris: I'm not getting any reaction from my Enemy Detection skill either. Good work, everyone.
megumin: Look at this! Their den is filled with stolen treasures. And it's all undamaged, too!
chris: Wonderful. 
chris: This should be enough to prove my innocence.
kazuma: I'm sorry for doubting you. When we get back to town, I'll buy you dinner to make up for it.
chris: Deal! Maybe I'll order something more expensive than usual.
darkness: This is a bit much for us to carry back on our own. 
darkness: We should request a wagon to transport everything.
chris: In that case, I'll run back and ask them! You all stay here 
chris: and keep an eye on the treasure!
Lord Signam: Lady Dustiness, you have our utmost gratitude. Thanks to you, the treasures of our House have been returned to their rightful place.
darkness: Please, thank my friends! Chris here in particular. 
darkness: Without her help, this would have been much more difficult, perhaps impossible.
Lord Signam: Miss Chris, please accept our sincere apologies for suspecting you. And thank you all once again for your assistance.
chris: Haha. Please, don't mention it.
Lord Signam: If I might be so bold, would you be willing to assist a few others who have recently suffered similar misfortune?
chris: Of course! We all share a duty to help those in need.
Lord Signam: I am pleased to hear you say that! For a few days now, I have been in contact with House Thasancross...
chris: Huh?! H-House Thasancross?!
megumin: Do you know them?
chris: O-Oh, I've heard the name before! 
chris: H-Hey, Lord Signam! 
chris: I'm sure you'll find they were also the victims of gremlins! The guild is much better at dealing with monsters.
Lord Signam: You're can determine the culprit merely by hearing about the crime?! Your detective skills are astounding, Miss Chris!
chris: I-It's just something you pick up after being a thief for so long...
aqua: Wow, Chris sure is impressive. 
aqua: You think you'll ever be that good with your thief skills, Kazuma?
kazuma: Anybody should be able to tell that's a lie! She's acting 
kazuma: really strange. Are you trying to hide something, Chris?
chris: O-O-Of course I'm not hiding anything! 
chris: You sure do have trust issues, Kazuma!
chris: Oh, I nearly forgot! I've got somewhere to be, so I should really be going. I'll just show myself out. Bye!
aqua: She sure left in a hurry. I wonder if she needed the toilet or something.
megumin: I don't think so. Maybe she really did remember an errand...
kazuma: No way. It's the most obvious excuse in the book! 
kazuma: Hey, Darkness. What do you know about House Thasancross?
darkness: I'd rather not speak of them in front of Lord Signam... 
darkness: Let's say they aren't what you'd call...people of virtue.
kazuma: In other words, they're corrupt. And if memory serves, Chris expressed a willingness to steal from the immoral.
chris: I wonder if Kazuma has figured it out... 
chris: I said it was gremlins without thinking... Oh well. 
chris: I only did it to help society and the people they harmed!
ナレーション: With a renewed sense of resolution, Chris gallantly fled back to Axel...
