ナレーション: With their quest completed, Kazuma and company headed back to Axel in high spirits...
aqua: Did you see that?! Wasn't that some goddess-tier support from me today?! 
aqua: Obviously, since I'm a real goddess and all. 
kazuma: Honestly, no one cares. But yes, you were unusually helpful out there.
megumin: Today's explosion was magnificent as well. 
megumin: Just thinking about it is enough to— Ahh...
darkness: I know what you mean. That was some fine shielding from me, if I do say so myself. 
darkness: I can withstand any attack!
kazuma: Everyone, be quiet! You're going to jinx it! I don't want to deal with any—
melissa: I'm so glad I found you! I need your help!
kazuma: And there it is...
aqua: Are you okay? You sound pretty upset.
melissa: I've run into a terrible situation while treasure hunting in some ruins. 
melissa: You see, I stumbled into a cute little monster's territory.
kazuma: Cute...?
melissa: I just don't know what to do! This is just terrible!
megumin: If Melissa is this upset, it must be pretty serious.
darkness: I agree. I forsee a powerful enemy. 
darkness: I'll wager its attacks are worthy of my defensive skills, too!
kazuma: Sorry to rain on your little fantasy parade, 
kazuma: but I'm done for the day. Good luck with your little problem, Melissa.
melissa: Please don't go! I can't handle this on my own!
kazuma: What, were you expecting 
kazuma: me to just come 
kazuma: running at your every beck and call? 
kazuma: To you? The one who's demeaned me, treated me like trash, does nothing but look down her nose at me? 
melissa: Nngh...
aqua: Wow, Kazuma doesn't usually treat Melissa this harshly.
megumin: She does treat him rather poorly. From the sound of it, he's got quite a lot of pent-up anger.
darkness: The success of our quest today seems to have given him the confidence to stand up for himself as well.
kazuma: Will you three shut up already!
Monsters: Graaaaaar!
melissa: It's here!
darkness: That big ball of fluff? Is that...a dog? 
megumin: It seems to have some sort of dog-like shape. A weird, awkward one. 
aqua: That's the monster you mentioned? It doesn't look strong enough to chase you off, Melissa.
melissa: Yes, that's the one. There's no way I could possibly defeat it. 
melissa: I mean, just look at it!
Monsters: Graaar?
melissa: It's so adorable! 
melissa: Just look how fluffy it is!
kazuma: It's ugly. The ugliest thing I've ever seen. 
melissa: How rude! You apologize to my fluffy little friend right now!
kazuma: Whose side are you on? It looks pretty weak, so let's take 
kazuma: care of it and be on our way. 
melissa: Wait! Can...can you please save me some fluff? 
darkness: She sure has a thing for soft and fluffy things...
kazuma: Fine, whatever. 
kazuma: I expect a proper thank you when this is all over, though!
