Piercing Fist - P2
ナレーション: Kazuma and the members of Axel Hearts were in the midst of fighting off a group of giant and mega giant toads.
Mega Giant Toad: Crooooooaaak!!!
erica: Eeeeeeeeek!!!
cielo: Erika! 
cielo: Why you... Spit her out this instant!
Mega Giant Toad: Croooak?
kazuma: Cielo, your melee attacks won't working! You need to fall back and offer support!
cielo: B-But what about Erika?!
Giant Toads: Croak! Croak! Crooooooaaak!
kazuma: This is bad! They're grouping up! 
kazuma: At this rate, we could be in serious trouble!
lia: I'll charge that one with my spear and get it to spit out Erika! Cover me, you two!
Mega Giant Toad: Crooooooaaak!!!
lia: Uh oh...!
kazuma: Lia!
cielo: My punches are completely powerless... 
cielo: But even so!
cielo: I refuse to give up and admit defeat! 
cielo: If something is impossible, all you have to do is make it possible!
cielo: These fists have never let me down!
kazuma: Cielo's finally snapped! She's not making any sense!
？？？: Nicely said, Ciruelto! Hrrraaaaaahhh!
Giant Toads: Crooooooaaak...
kazuma: What just happened? Those toads went flying!
cielo: F-Father...
reuenthal: Come. Nobles mush smash our way through any hardship we might face! 
reuenthal: That is what our fists are for!
cielo: Right! Thank you for reminding me!
reuenthal: That's my girl.
cielo: Give me my friends back! Hraaaaaah!
reuenthal: Crush them all!
Mega Giant Toad: Crooooooaaak!!!
erica: Pwah! 
erica: Eww... I'm all slimy...
cielo: Erika, are you all right?
reuenthal: If they're resistant to physical attacks, you just keep on punching until they're not. It's as simple as that.
kazuma: Is he for real? 
kazuma: Oh, it looks like they've just been knocked out, though.
kazuma: Still, I can't believe they managed to knock every last one unconscious. 
kazuma: Her family's terrifying to the core!
Adventurer A: Hang in there! I've brought more adventurers to help!
lia: Looks like backup has arrived. Let's finish this.
cielo: Right!
erica: So you're the one who saved us, Cielo? Thank you...
erica: Still, I wish I wasn't covered in slime.
cielo: I didn't do it alone. 
cielo: Thank you for your help, Father.
reuenthal: I just happened to be passing by. 
reuenthal: I'm glad I was able to see how much you have improved.
cielo: Thank you! I'm going to keep training hard! I promise I'll get even stronger!
reuenthal: That's good to hear. 
reuenthal: Now, what does training never do?!
cielo: It never lets you down! All right, you two! 
cielo: Let's go!
Lia, Erika: Huh?
cielo: You two are always doing so much for me, it's time for me to return the favor! 
cielo: Let's all grow stronger together!
lia: H-Hold on, Cielo. Now that the giant toads have been taken care of, we have an after-party to get to.
erica: And I'm still all sticky from this toad slime! At least let me shower first!

cielo: It'll be more effective if we train before the adrenaline wears off! 
cielo: We'll start with combination drills, then do—
erica: Noooooo!!!
kazuma: *Sigh* Looks like Cielo's getting a little excited. I just hope this doesn't affect her work as a dancer.
kazuma: And someone explain to me how a noble family ends up being a bunch of brawlers!
ナレーション: Despite Kazuma's worries as producer, Cielo was all fired up...
