darkness: N-No fair, Kazuma! Using that skill right now is a dirty 
darkness: trick and you know it!
megumin_lightcloth: I was wondering what you were planning, but this is lower than I expected, even from you. 
kazuma: Say what you want, but I still win. 
kazuma: That means Darkness has to clean the bath tod—
aqua: Hey, everyone! You're not doing anything important, right? 
aqua: Great! Let's go on a quest!
Kaz., Megumin, Darkness: *Gasp*
aqua: Huh? What's wrong?
darkness: Did Aqua actually suggest we go on a quest just now?
megumin_lightcloth: It's going to rain tomorrow, I know it.
kazuma: My guess is her tab's gotten so big that they won't let her 
kazuma: order anything else until she coughs up what she owes!
aqua: How rude! I'm an adventurer too, in case you've forgotten! 
aqua: This time, we're going in search of some assault hawks!
kazuma: Anyway, off to the bath with you, Darkness.
aqua: Kazuma, don't just ignore me! 
aqua: This is serious!
aqua: Haven't you heard all of the strange crashing sounds at night lately?
darkness: Now that you mention it, I have.
aqua: Apparently there's a flock of assault hawks nearby that enjoy ramming the city walls. They're becoming a problem.
kazuma: Sounds a bit like a certain crazy individual I know who likes firing off explosion magic for the thrill. 
megumin_lightcloth: Wh-What is that supposed to mean? 
megumin_lightcloth: I am not crazy!
aqua: In any case, I'm too sensitive to sleep through all that banging! I need my beauty sleep, dang it!
kazuma: Your beauty sleep? 
kazuma: I guess that's better than a bar tab.
darkness: If I remember correctly, the assault hawk is a subspecies of running hawk kite.
aqua: That's right. Their feathers are so soft that 
aqua: lots of royals and nobles use them for their bedding!
aqua: So on top of the quest reward, we'll be able to use the feathers to make comforters and pillows!
kazuma: Pass.
aqua: What?! Why?!
kazuma: I'm perfectly fine with my bed the way it is.
aqua: Hrrrngggh... 
aqua: Fine! We'll just go do the quest without you, then! 
aqua: Don't expect a pillow if you change your mind!
Megumin, Darkness: Huh? "We"?
megumin: Aqua, what's our plan of attack?
aqua: I'll lure the monsters into one spot, then you blast 'em sky high. 
aqua: Darkness, you'll be our shield if I need help.
darkness: Simple, but a good plan against assault hawks. We've dealt with running hawk kites easily enough in the past. 
aqua: Hehe! Who needs Kazuma, anyway? Let's make him regret not coming with us today!
megumin: Aqua, those kinds of words are usually a harbinger of doom. Please, no more. 
Super Hawk Kite: Screeeeee!
darkness: Did you hear that? 
darkness: The ground is starting to shake, too.
aqua: It looks like the assault hawks are here.
megumin: There are a lot of them!
aqua: No problem! Let's grab the meat as well as the feathers for a fried assault hawk feast! And none for Kazuma either!
aqua: Let's do this! Force Fire!
ナレーション: Aqua and company bravely stood their ground as the flock of assault hawks drew closer...
