A Clash of Cuteness P2
erica: I'm not just another pretty face! 
erica: I'm the cutest face with the punch to back it up! 
Lady Golem A: *Whirr whirr*
aqua: We showed them!
kazuma: Erika actually did great! 
erica: What did I tell you—my cuteness triumphs over all!
megumin: Okay, that's enough! 
darkness: What's wrong, Megumin?
megumin: I can't abide by your silly nonsense anymore, Erika! 
erica: Huh? What do you mean? 
megumin: "Cuteness triumphs over all."
megumin: Triumph this! Triumph that! 
megumin: The only and only thing that triumphs over all is fiery explosion magic! 
kazuma: I'd like to go home now. 
erica: Whaaat? "Cuteness triumphs over all" is like, the super, super cutest punch line, and it fits me to a tee! 
megumin: Are you kidding me?! Cuteness doesn't triumph anything in the heat of battle! There's nothing lamer than "cuteness"! 
erica: Grrrrrrrrrrr! 
megumin: Hrrrnnngggh!
Lady Golem B: Counterattack opening detected... Grrraaaaaargh!
kazuma: I thought we got all of them! 
darkness: Megumin! Erika!
Lady Golem B: Must clean... Must clean intruders...
erica: We're busy right now, buzz off! 
erica: Hyaaagh!
megumin: I'll finish her off! 
megumin: EXPLOSION!!!
Lady Golem B: Grrraaaaaarrr!
megumin: My explosion magic burns brighter than the sun itself... 
megumin: The...triumph...is... Mmmrrrf!
darkness: What excellent teamwork! 
aqua: I was worried your little squabble was going to cost us, but you proved me wrong. 
kazuma: Agreed! If you two hadn't had each other's back that might've ended badly! 
megumin: Ahahahahaha! Now Erika knows that my explosion magic triumphs over all.
erica: Excuse me? It was my cute self who stopped it in its very tracks. 
erica: You only got your explosion magic off because of me!
erica: I don't see how someone who falls to the ground after a 
erica: fight can claim to be the best at anything!
megumin: My explosion magic would knock anyone off their feet! Besides, I wouldn't call this mussed up look of yours cute!
kazuma: I clearly spoke too soon.
erica: Hey, Producer! I'd like to formally ask 
erica: that Axel Hearts be 
erica: officially given the phrase "Cuteness triumphs over all"!
megumin: Fat chance! Kazuma, I want to make "Explosion magic triumphs over all!" the new set greeting between adventurers!
kazuma: Yeah, sure. Sounds great. 
