iris_christmas2: Thank you for inviting me tonight, Brother!
arue_christmas: I offer my thanks, as well. This holiday is not yet commonly celebrated in the Crimson Demon Village.
cecily_christmas: Ah, I feel the joy of wearing a costume made by your divine hands, Lady Aqua!
aqua: Hehehe! Such a thing is a trivial feat for me!
darkness_christmas: Now we all match.
komekko: So many Santas! Everyone looks so cool!
megumin_christmas: Hehe, they do, don't they?
kazuma: I guess we can start the Christmas party now. 
kazuma: Enjoy yourselves, everyone! Merry Christmas!
kazuma: Let's start with a toast. Raise your glasses! 
kazuma: Let's go!
kazuma: Cheers!
Everyone: Cheers!
iris_christmas2: Brother, this is such a nice party with so much food! 
iris_christmas2: Can I get you something?
kazuma: Thanks for asking! 
kazuma: Could you grab me some fried chicken?
darkness_christmas: Kazuma! Why are you asking Lady Iris to get your food?!
iris_christmas2: It's fine, Lalatina. I offered to get him something. 
iris_christmas2: I would never be able to do such a thing at the castle. Hehe.
cecily_christmas: Hey, Kazuma, where are the jelly slimes?
kazuma: Jelly slimes? Aren't those banned here? 
kazuma: Surely we can't serve prohibited goods at a party.
cecily_christmas: An informal party with no jelly slimes?! 
cecily_christmas: Are you trying to earn the title of Axel's most clueless party organizer?!
kazuma: Is jelly slime really that important?!
komekko: Hey, Santa Cecily, do you have a present for me?
cecily_christmas: Eek! Of course I do! 
cecily_christmas:  I'd do anything for adorable little things like you!
cecily_christmas: Let's see... How about a jelly sli—
arue_christmas: Stop right there. 
arue_christmas: Komekko is still too young to try jelly slime.
cecily_christmas: No way! 
cecily_christmas: Oh, fine. 
cecily_christmas: In that case, how about an invitation to commemorate the Christmas holiday by joining the Order of Axis? 
cecily_christmas: You can have a happy life for a present!
megumin_christmas: No thanks! People really can't let their guard down around you, can they?
iris_christmas2: Hehe. It sure is fun when everyone gathers like this!
luna: Excuse me! I'm sorry to interrupt!
kazuma: Oh, hey there. 
kazuma: What's wrong? Why do you look so flustered?
luna: We just received reports of a carriage being attacked by a monster outside the gates. 
luna: Do you think you could help?
aqua: It sure takes some nerve to ruin everyone's fun on Christmas Eve!
darkness_christmas: We have to do something.
Lady Golem: Grrraaaaaah...
Driver: Ahhh! It's destroying my carriage! H-H-Help! Somebody help!
aqua: Hey, mister! It's going to be okay! Get behind us!
Driver: Th-Thank you! Thank you so much!
cecily_christmas: No need to thank us. Instead...
cecily_christmas: how about joining the Order?
Driver: The Order? Oh no! You must be from the Order of Axis!
kazuma: That's some lazy proselytization... 
kazuma: Hey, mister, you can just ignore her.
Lady Golem: New target...identified!
arue_christmas: Ah, it seems to have recognized us as enemies.
Lady Golem: *Jingle jingle!*
kazuma: What?! 
kazuma: It's wearing a Santa outfit?
iris_christmas2: Brother! Even if it looks cute, that golem is still our enemy! You can't let your guard down!
kazuma: Oh, yeah! Right! 
kazuma: Let's defeat it and get back to our party!
