Long Live the Supreme! The Sanguine Warrioress! P3
kazuma: ...So now you know that Aqua hates demons. 
kazuma: You'll be safe from her here at least.
wiz: Welcome to our magical item shop! 
hamusuke: A shop run by demons, that it seems. 
banil: Indeed! Welcome, my fellow fiends. We are at your service. 
ainz: A magical items shop... Hmm... 
hamusuke: My lord?
ainz: What a selection of not only unusual but rare magic items... 
ainz: I'm resisting the urge to crack open my wallet.
kazuma: So you're looking for a vampire named Shalltear? 
kazuma: Vanir, have you or Wiz heard anything? 
ainz: Yes, any information would be appreciated. I worry she's lonely, stranded in an unknown world alone. 
ainz: We must seek her out before anything else. 
wiz: I haven't heard anything about a vampire. 
wiz: Does she have any particular characteristics of note? 
albedo: Let's just say she's nothing like you. 
albedo: Or rather, her chest isn't—a fact no amount of padding in her bra will change.
wiz: Wh-What? 
ainz: She's a small girl with a black dress, and is always carrying a parasol. Please let us know if you hear anything at all. 
wiz: Of course!
wiz: It must be difficult to navigate this strange new world you've been flung into. 
wiz: Our store specializes in magic items just for adventurers. Please feel free to see if anything will help you in your journey. 
ainz: I thought you'd never ask! Thank you. 
kazuma: Wait! Ainz, the stuff Wiz sells isn't exactly—
banil: Thank you kindly!
ainz: Thank you for allowing me to barter with you. I have yet to come into possession of this world's currency.
banil: It was very much our pleasure, Lord Ainz. This ore is more than sufficient payment. 
banil: There's nothing I love more than a fair transaction. 
wiz: Thank you! Thank you so much! I won't forget your generosity!
megumin: I've never seen anyone buy so much at once. 
wiz: It's definitely a first! We've never had a customer interested in so many of my wares! 
kazuma: I wish you'd think about why that is a little more. 
kazuma: But  is this really okay with you? He pretty much cleaned out your entire inventory—for one measly rock.
banil: My dear, naive Kazuma. This rock is easily worth millions of Eris. 
banil: Its rarity cannot be understated.
megumin: M-m-millions?! 
ainz: I'm a bit of a purveyor of rare magical items. These will make a fine addition to my collection in the Great Tomb of Nazarick.
ainz: If ever you come across any divine-tier items, I would be more than willing to trade this precious stone for them. 
banil: An enticing gem, indeed. A specimen of that size would easily go for ten million Eris.
kazuma: Ten mill?! 
kazuma: The talking skeleton is loaded with THAT much bling?! 
kazuma: Lucky! 
megumin: I know that look. You're concocting another shady scheme.
kazuma: Who me? No way, never ever. I'd like to know, though—just for kicks. 
kazuma: Have you ever heard of the enchanted sword Gram?
ainz: Enchanted sword? No, but I would love nothing more than to behold such an item.
megumin: You're going to sell it...again? 
megumin: It's not even yours to sell, you know?
kazuma: Shush you. It was just a question. 
kazuma: Now Ainz, what think you of the Goddess Robe, a rare article fashioned from feathers! 
ainz: The Goddess Robe? Is that a wearable piece of gear? What powers does it imbue?
wiz: Kazuma, I don't think you can just sell that... 
banil: I can sense the lad's mounting greed. 
banil: If he were to actually sell them, you don't need a third eye to know what happens next.
ナレーション: And so began Kazuma's attempt to hawk rare items to Ainz in yet another one of his dastardly get-rich-quick schemes.
