Home Again with These Pumpkins! P5 
ナレーション: After acquiring fresh ingredients, Kazuma and company headed back to prepare a dish to satisfy the pumpkins...
kazuma: There, that should do it! Looks like we managed to finish just in time.
aqua: Fresh autumn veggies, smelt, and mushrooms... Even side dishes to go with the tempura! 
aqua: It's scrumptious! 
darkness: I agree. Not only is this both soft and crispy, but the flavor profile changes depending on the sauce you use.
miia: *Munch munch* You're right! This is all the stuff the pumpkins asked for! 
miia: So yummy!
megumin: The grated radish in the sauce really brings out the lightness. 
megumin: My taste buds are aglow! 
Amy: I must agree. 
Amy: Kazuma, would you share the recipe with me later?
kazuma: Sure thing. 
kazuma: Here, try this one too. 
aqua: A vegetable broth? 
aqua: Oooh, do I smell matsutake mushroom?
kazuma: Yep. 
kazuma: Can't lie, I didn't have the best first encounter with them. But they do taste pretty good. 
Amy: It smells wonderful. 
Amy: I'm sure this will pass even the pumpkins' strict judgment. 
kazuma: I sure hope so. Mia, which tempura did you like best? 
miia: Hmm... 
miia: All of them! 
miia: If you eat the veggies, mushroom, and smelt 
miia: all at the same time, it's super yummy! 
kazuma: Haha. That's our insatiable Mia for you. 
Amy: Everything together? 
Amy: Kazuma, I have an idea! 
Adventurer A: It's finally time... We're counting on you Kazuma. The town's future is in your hands! 
Pumpkin Pillar: Pum-pum-pumpkin! The day of reckoning has come! 
megumin: Our antagonists have arrived! 
Adventurer B: M-My knees are shaking just from their sinister presence. 
kazuma_halloween: Welcome. 
aqua_halloween2: For someone who complained through this whole thing, you seem pretty pumped. 
kazuma_halloween: Can it. Every good meal needs good service. 
kazuma_halloween: Also stop teasing the one person who can save this entire town. 
kazuma_halloween: Amy, I'm relying on you as my sous chef. We just have to follow our plan to the letter. 
Amy_halloween: You can count on me, Kazuma. 
Pumpkin Pillar: I trust you have prepared a proper meal for us? 
kazuma_halloween: Naturally! As your chef, I've prepared a number of my best dishes. I'm confident you'll enjoy every last bite.
Pumpkin Pillar: Then let us begin! This food tasting will decide your fate! 
kazuma_halloween: Amy, get that oil nice and hot! 
Amy_halloween: Yes, Chef! 
Pumpkin Pillar: Just try serving a mediocre meal! If we are not satisfied, you will serve to fill our bellies instead!
Amy_halloween: Kazuma, the oil is ready! 
kazuma_halloween: All right, here's where the real fun starts. 
kazuma_halloween: There! 
darkness: Those watery ingredients seem like a strange addition. 
darkness: The tempura we tasted looked much more appetizing. 
aqua_halloween2: Wait a minute... 
aqua_halloween2: That's kakiage, isn't it?! 
kazuma_halloween: It sure is. Amy gave me the idea! 
Amy_halloween: Mia said she liked eating everything together, 
Amy_halloween: so I was just trying to find a way to do that is all.
megumin: The smell of mushrooms 
megumin: mixed with fresh veggies and soft, tender smelt... 
megumin: Just thinking about it is making me drool. 
Pumpkin Pillar: Hrrrng... Hurry up! Feed us now! 
kazuma_halloween: Patience is a virtue, ya know. 
kazuma_halloween: The Kazuma special is almost ready. 
kazuma_halloween: Prepare yourselves for my Autumn Deluxe Kakiage!
kazuma_halloween: Will you choose the heavier, rich sauce, or the lighter sauce with grated radish? Pick your favorite and dig in! 
kazuma_halloween: 　
