ナレーション: There was only one week left until Kazuma's Christmas event, and the town of Axel was abuzz with festive joy.
darkness_christmas: Argh! They're looking at me... 
darkness_christmas: I can feel these filthy men's eyes following my every movement! 
kazuma: Calm down, will you? 
kazuma: You squirming around like that isn't helping you keep a lower profile. 
darkness_christmas: How do you expect me to be calm right now?! 
darkness_christmas: I didn't know this would be the consequences for losing your board game! 
aqua: Making her wear a revealing Santa costume outside on a chilly winter night to go shopping...
aqua: Oh, who am I kidding? It's exactly the kind of thing Kazutrash would come up with.
megumin: Aqua's right. And if we hadn't happened to bump into Darkness at the front door, would you've made her go alone?
kazuma: She deserves it! 
kazuma: That's what she gets for bragging about she was going to beat me hands down before we even started.
kazuma: And we had an agreement. Loser does whatever the winner says. Rules are rules. 
megumin: It's clear to see who won that bet. 
darkness_christmas: How do I keep losing to him? 
darkness_christmas: The game only just came to the capital! 
darkness_christmas: How could he be so good at it already?! 
darkness_christmas: Nnngh...! 
kazuma: How am I the bad guy here?!
aqua: Normally this would be grounds for a bubbly ban, but... 
aqua: This one might be kind of on Darkness. 
darkness_christmas: Mmgh...
Townsperson A: Hey, is that you, Darkness?! What's with the weird getup?
Townsperson B: That plunging neckline is something out of a dream! 
darkness_christmas: Wh-Wh-What did you say?! 
darkness_christmas: S-Stop looking at me with those lecherous eyes of yours!
kazuma: You're clearly enjoying this.
darkness_christmas: I am not.
aqua: Hey, do you smell that? Something smells delicious! 
aqua: It's coming from that street stall! Let's go take a look!
megumin: Hi, Mister. What kind of meat is this? It smells wonderful. 
megumin: Also, I must say that the decorative red ribbon demonstrates great taste.
Shopkeeper A: Welcome! This is roasted giant toad! It's a Christmas specialty, don't you know! Would you like to try some?
aqua: A Christmas specialty? 
aqua: Kazuma, I thought people from your country ate turkey for Christmas.
kazuma: They do. I don't remember saying anything about giant toads when I was introducing people to Christmas last year.
Shopkeeper B: Come get your salt-grilled Christmas Eve saury! Grab yours before word gets out and it disappears!
Shopkeeper C: Merry Christmas! Celebrate the holiday with some fresh veggies! For a limited time, get a whole head of cabbage for only 98 Eris!
kazuma: Ah, I see what's going on. Everyone's taking advantage of the fact that this world doesn't have any Christmas food customs yet...
megumin: So they're just adding Christmas to anything they want to sell? Makes sense, this IS one of the busiest times for stores.
？？？: Well, if it isn't the muscle-bound maiden who recently adjusted her training regimen. What are you wearing?
darkness_christmas: Ngh! 
darkness_christmas: I feel the sharp sting of an impure gaze... 
darkness_christmas: Hm? Muscle-bound maiden?
aqua: What the heck are you doing here, you masked demon?! 
aqua: You're interrupting our holy shopping trip!
banil: As ill-mannered as ever, I see. Such an irritating goddess.
aqua: What did you just call me?!
kazuma: All right, that's enough. 
kazuma: But why aren't you at the shop, Vanir? Isn't this a good chance to boost your sales?
banil: Indeed. I've been making observations to ascertain whether this Christmas thing is worthwhile. 
banil: It would seem that it is.
megumin: Oh? And are you finished with your observations?
banil: The muscular maid here has given me an idea.
darkness_christmas: Don't call me that!
aqua: Hmph. If you're done, then go home already! 
aqua: We don't need any demons around with the holiest of nights coming up!
banil: Hehehe... Oh dear. My apologies for putting a damper on your holy festival. 
banil: If you'll excuse me, I shall take my leave.
aqua: Huh? That was easier than I thought. 
aqua: Maybe he's finally starting to take my authority as a goddess seriously!
kazuma: I highly doubt that.
megumin: Agreed. Judging by that smirk, he's up to something. 
megumin: Mister, we'll take four servings of roasted toad!
banil_christmas: Welcome! 
banil_christmas: And Merry Christmas! The Wiz's Magic Shop Christmas Fair begins today!
wiz_christmas: Hello, everyone! Merry Christmas!
kazuma: Oh, Merry Christmas... 
kazuma: Huh?! Wiz, your outfit?!
wiz_christmas: Oh, this is the Santa outfit Aqua made for me last year.
wiz_christmas: I was hoping to get into the Christmas spirit, so I decided to put it on.
megumin: Changing outfits is definitely a great way to psyche yourself up! 
megumin: Seeing Vanir in a Santa outfit is a bit unexpected, though.
aqua: And just where did you get that outfit?! 
aqua: I definitely didn't make one for the likes of you!
banil_christmas: The answer is quite simple. 
banil_christmas: I made it myself! For one as skilled with their hands as I, it was a simple task! 
banil_christmas: You didn't think you were the only one with such skills, did you? 
banil_christmas: Don't delude yourself! Mwahahaha!
aqua: Tch... Kazuma, we've got a problem. My divine anger is liable to explode at any moment!
banil_christmas: Oh? Don't tell me you're jealous of just how impeccably well-made my outfit is.
aqua: Not a chance! 
aqua: I can't stand your fiendish attitude any longer! Today's the day I perform your last rites! God Bl—!
aqua: 　
kazuma: That's enough!
aqua: Owww! What did you do that for, Kazuma?! 
aqua: I was finally about to give this jerk the holy punch he deserves!
kazuma: Exactly! 
kazuma: If you blow him up here, who do you think will be on the hook for everything you break? Us, that's who!
aqua: Nrrgh...
kazuma: Even I know him well enough to know that's something he would try.
banil_christmas: As long as we were compensated for any damages, I would be a most-willing target, yes. 
banil_christmas: Ah, but I see. I'm guessing your wallet is empty after spending all your funds at other shops, is that it?
kazuma: H-H-Hey! Don't say any more! 
kazuma: *Ahem* 
kazuma: So, Wiz. Does your outfit mean you're ready for the Christmas sales battle?
wiz_christmas: It sure does! Wiz's Magic Shop is going to make tons of Christmas sales and get out of the red!
