Long Live the Supreme! The Sanguine Warrioress! P4
ainz: Neither hide nor hair of Shalltear...
hamusuke: Where could she have gotten to? We've been looking for days now, that we have.
darkness: Constantly fighting all these undead hasn't made the search any easier. 
kazuma: Maybe those undead quests weren't my brightest idea. 
kazuma: I thought they might give us a clue where she is. 
albedo: Do not blame yourselves, Lord Ainz appreciates your help greatly. 
albedo: Although, can't you do something about your attack dog?
ainz: Ah yes, Aqua... I sensed her bloodthirsty stare all throughout the quest. 
ainz: I shall deal the finishing blow. With me, everyone!
aqua: GOD BLOOOOOW!!!
ainz: What the—! 
ainz: Wh-What are you doing?! 
aqua: Oh, dear, dear, dear. My sincere apologies. How very clumsy of me. 
ainz: I believe I nearly caught a glimpse of the afterlife. I'm grateful you were able to stop her, Kazuma. 
kazuma: Ah, geez. Sorry again. 
kazuma: I've talked to her over and over, but... 
megumin: Speaking of, where is Aqua? 
darkness: She locked herself away in her room after the quest. Something about being unavailable for visitors today. 
albedo: She could be up to something... 
albedo: I should strike now while her guard is down… 
ainz: Albedo, we've talked about this. She's not hurting anyone currently, so we will just keep an eye on the situation for the time being. 
darkness: That's most gracious of you. I promise she means no disrespect to any of you. 
darkness: Well, I suppose I can't say none...
ainz: Oh, Kazuma. I was curious, I noticed as we fought together 
ainz: that your rare item drop rate is very high...
megumin: While Kazuma is utterly weak and useless, his only saving grace is he has a unusually high Luck stat. 
ainz: Fascinating... His Luck stat... Such a person would be very useful to have at my side in battle. 
kazuma: Wow! That means a lot coming from someone as strong as you, Ainz! I'll consider your proposition! 
albedo: Lord Ainz would never ask someone to join his forces in jest... 
albedo: Could he be seriously asking this human...? 
aqua: It's done! 
darkness: Aqua? What do you mean? What's done? 
aqua: Why thank you for asking! Take a look! 
hamusuke: They appear to be new clothes for Albedo and our lord too. And very well-made ones, that they are!
aqua: Hehe, right?! I made them myself! 
ainz: ...My word! What craftsmanship! 
megumin: S-S-So cool! Aqua!
kazuma: You made these for Lord Ainz and the others? 
kazuma: That's...uncharacteristically kind of you. 
aqua: You think I made it for them? Please! It's for Megumin, of course. 
aqua: She kept going on about how cool Ainz and the others' getups looked.
aqua: As a goddess, I obviously couldn't let her try on stinky clothes actual demons had worn, 
aqua: so I made her a set of her own!
darkness: So that's what had you locked up in your room all day.
megumin: This is awesome! Thanks Aqua! 
Adventurer A: Hey, check out what those two are wearing... That's new, right? 
Adventurer B: Isn't she a crusader? Looks like she was a real beauty underneath all that armor! 
kazuma_O: Hehehe... 
kazuma_O: Mwahahaha! Kneel before me!
darkness_O: Th-They're all staring... 
darkness_O: I can feel the gaze of those lewd men fixated upon me! How w-w-wonderful! 
ainz: Those adventurers seem to be frothing at the mouth. Do they require medical attention? 
megumin: This isn't fair! Aqua made those outfits for me! Me! 
megumin: Take it off right now! 
kazuma_O: Hey, hands off shorty! 
kazuma_O: This look way better on me than it would on you anyway! 
kazuma_O: And besides...
Adventurer A: Did you see Kazuma? His dark, foreboding aura, he's like the Devil King incarnate! 
kazuma_O: Yes, more! More! I'm finally the center of attention! 
aqua: He's definitely letting that silly out outfit go to his head right now. 
albedo: Silly? I hope for your sake that wasn't intended as a slight against Lord Ainz. 
aqua: Oooh, you got the joke? I guess you're not as dumb as you look. 
aqua: Here I thought you were nothing but another trashy and moronic succubus.
albedo: T-Trashy...?!
kazuma_O: Aqua! If you don't stop picking fights...! 
albedo: I demand you take that back! 
albedo: I have, of course, been saving myself for Lord Ainz's embrace... 
kazuma_O: Saving yourself?
ainz: A-Albedo, please! People are listening. 
luna: Kazuma Satou! What are you wearing? 
luna: I could barely recognize you. 
kazuma_O: Oh, hey there. 
kazuma_O: What brings you here? Got another quest for us?
luna: We finally got some information on your request, so I rushed over here to tell you. 
kazuma_O: Really? Finally!
ainz: Have you information on the rainbow toad? Or, more urgently, Shalltear perhaps? 
luna: Shalltear. I believe it's her. There have been reports of a girl with silver hair and crimson eyes going on a rampage with a spear.
ainz: That must be Shalltear. It seems we've found her at least. 
hamusuke: But why is she going on a rampage? With a spear? I hope she didn't lose her sense, that I do. 
kazuma_O: Only one way to find out. We'll go right now. 
kazuma_O: Where was she last sighted, Luna? 
aqua: Hold it, Kazuma. You're not planning on going to look for her while wearing that, are you?
kazuma_O: What? Why not? 
kazuma_O: And it's not like I have time to change.
megumin: Hmph. Come off it. We all know you just want to wear it. You're not fooling anyone.  
darkness_O: D-Do I have to wear mine too?
darkness_O: What should I do, Kazuma? What if the thin fabric around my chest is shredded to pieces in the heat of battle?! I could be indecently exposed! I am already trembling at the thought! 
kazuma_O: Dunno. Don't care. Do what you want. 
darkness_O: Augh!
ainz: More concerningly, why is Shalltear rampaging through the streets? Could this be a side effect of the transdimensional travel?
ナレーション: With uncertainty still surrounding Shalltear, the group set out for her last-known location.
