Long Live the Supreme! The Sanguine Warrioress! P6
shalltear_battle: *Pant pant* It can't be... How is this possible?!
ainz: Have I not told you before? Ainz Ooal Gown never loses a battle.
kazuma_O: Yeah, and neither does Kazuma Own Goal! 
kazuma_O: Let's do this, team! 
ainz: Shalltear Bloodfallen! 
ainz: Bow down before the might of the Great Tomb of Nazarick once again!
ainz: Fallen Down!!!
megumin: Explosion!!!
shalltear_battle: Eeeeeeeeek!
？？？: Awaken...
shalltear: Hm...?
？？？: Open your eyes...
shalltear: Lord Ainz...?
kazuma_O: Good morning, sleepyhead. 
shalltear: Y-You're not Lord Ainz... 
shalltear: Where am I...? 
albedo: Tch. You've finally awoken. 
shalltear: Lord Ainz! I'm so, so sorry! 
shalltear: I can't believe that I fell in your presence, my lord!
ainz: Worry not. All is well as long as you are. 
ainz: The shock of traveling to this world sent you into a Blood Frenzy. You caused quite the ruckus.
shalltear: It's all coming back to me now. 
shalltear: I think I was eaten by a rainbow-colored toad!
shalltear: I-I didn't...you know... Bare my fangs towards you again, did I, Lord Ainz?! 
shalltear: ...Ngh!
darkness_O: You haven't quite recovered from your wounds. 
darkness_O: Please do not push yourself. 
megumin: And now I know my explosion magic is magnificent enough even for 
megumin: visitors from other worlds! Bwahahaha! 
shalltear: ....Who are these strange people?
ainz: They are allies we gained after arriving here. 
ainz: Well most of them, at least... 
aqua: What exactly are you implying, demon? 
aqua: Maybe I should just purify you to shut you up now! 
kazuma_O: Enough out of you! 
aqua: Owww! 
aqua: Waaaaaahhh! 
aqua: Stop hitting me, Kazumaaa!
kazuma_O: Stop it with your nonsense, you hear? 
kazuma_O: They've found their missing companion, so they'll be back home in no time.
shalltear: Lord Ainz... Thank you. All of you. 
shalltear: And please forgive me for all the trouble I caused. 
kazuma_O: Don't sweat it. 
kazuma_O: I mean, 
kazuma_O: you nearly sucked the life out of us, but it was fun seeing your otherworldly skills up close.
darkness_O: All that's left is to locate the rainbow giant toad. 
ainz: Indeed. And thank you again for aiding us in our quest to return home. 
ainz: I will see that you are suitably compensated.
megumin: EXPLOSION!!!
Rainbow Giant Toad: Crooooooak!
albedo: We have felled the toad, but nothing is happening... 
albedo: Hm?
shalltear: What is this strange light consuming us? This is no natural phenomenon. 
ainz: We have successfully destroyed the gateway between our worlds. We are finally returning home. 
hamusuke: I'm excited to finally return home, that I am! 
darkness: It's bittersweet. It feels like we've just started getting to know each other. 
albedo: We've enjoyed our time, but we cannot ignore our higher calling. 
albedo: We must strive to cement Lord Ainz Ooal Gown's eternal legacy!
megumin: We hope our paths cross again someday! I'll wow you with even more dazzling explosion magic the next time we meet! 
aqua: If I never see you again, it'll be too soon! Blegh!
kazuma: You really couldn't help yourself, could you?
albedo: Lord Ainz, didn't you say you would like to make Kazuma one of your cohorts?
shalltear: Wh-Why would he suggest such a thing? 
ainz: Well, his rare item drop rate is uniquely high. Yet...
megumin: Kazuma, Kazuma... I need a ride home. 
kazuma: *Sigh* Fine. Get on.
aqua: We gotta celebrate the demons finally leaving. 
aqua: You got the bubbly, right, Kazuma? 
darkness: Kazuma, I'd like to go on another quest. 
darkness: One that's bloody, brutal, and unforgiving!
ainz: These people need Kazuma, and besides... I have you all.
albedo: Lord Ainz! I am truly honored by your words! 
kazuma: Okay, take care, everyone.
shalltear: Farewell to you all.
albedo: Till next time.
ainz: I'll treasure the rare items I've found here.
hamusuke: If you ever happen to meet a male of my species, please tell him I want to continue my bloodline, that I do! 
kazuma: There they go...
kazuma: I know Ainz was probably joking, but it was nice of him to say I could join him. I'd like to visit their world one day.
ナレーション: And so Kazuma returned home, dreaming of other worlds...
