A Present on This Holy Night! P3
ナレーション: With Christmas drawing nearer, Vanir's plan was a runaway success. The idea of Santa was spreading all across the town.
Boy A: Hey, did you hear?
Boy B: Yeah! Christmas this year is gonna be amazing!
Girl A: My mom told me that someone called Santa is going to bring everyone presents!
Girl B: You only get presents if you're good, though. There's no way the boys will get any with the pranks they play!
megumin: Sounds like all the kids are talking about Santa. This is going to upset Kazuma to no end.
ynyn: There she is. Megumin!
megumin: Something you need? I'm not going to duel you today.
ynyn: Th-Th-That's not why 
ynyn: I was looking for you!
komekko: Sis, I'm here to visit!
megumin: Komekko?! You surprised me. Did something happen?
ynyn: She insisted that she needed to come here, so we both hurried over.
megumin: What for?
komekko: I came to meet Santa.
ynyn: She heard that the kids in Axel are getting presents from someone named Santa this year.
megumin: Word has already reached the Crimson Demon Village?
komekko: I heard that if you're good, you'll get a present. 
komekko: Sis, do you think Santa will bring me a present too?
megumin: But of course! I give you my big sister guarantee! 
megumin: Is there something you want?
komekko: A big hunk of meat, bone and all!
megumin_christmas: It is I, Santa! Wearer of crimson cloth and deliverer of only the finest presents!
ynyn_christmas: O-Only the finest presents!
kazuma: What's gotten into you guys?
megumin_christmas: Well, the situation has become a bit complicated.
ynyn_christmas: It's not that complicated. Komekko showed up out of the blue and you simply couldn't turn down her Christmas wish.
darkness_christmas: Ah, I think I understand. Megumin adores her little sister to no end.
kazuma: So why are you dressed up too, Yunyun?
ynyn_christmas: W-Well, you see...
megumin_christmas: I said, "I sure wish I had a friend who could help me out," and she immediately agreed to do it.
kazuma: You knew full well she couldn't say no if you said it like that... 
kazuma: I doubt this needs asking, but who made the outfits?
aqua: That would be me, of course!
megumin_christmas: She made them in no time flat. 
megumin_christmas: Aqua's the best.
kazuma: Aqua, I seriously think you should consider making that your full-time job...
banil_christmas: Hm, impressive craftsmanship indeed. 
banil_christmas: I hate to admit it, but perhaps that sorry goddess has a bit of skill after all.
kazuma: Whoa! Where'd you come from?!
aqua: How did you get in here?! My barrier is supposed keep any demons from getting through!
banil_christmas: Did you honestly think that pathetic barrier would be enough to stop a being as powerful as me? 
banil_christmas: How laughable!
aqua: Fine then, let's take this outside, you counterfeit demon!
banil_christmas: I would like nothing more! 
banil_christmas: However, I will have to take a rain check. I don't have time to play just now.
banil_christmas: I have business with the loony Crimson Demon girl over here. You plan to play Santa for your little sister, do you not?
megumin_christmas: That's right, but how did you know? 
megumin_christmas: Wait, back up a second. Did you just call me loony?!
banil_christmas: Easy. I spoke with your sister. And now I've come with a proposal. 
banil_christmas: As our goals align, how would you like to work together?
kazuma: You mean for Christmas? What exactly did you have in mind?
banil_christmas: According to what you told me a few days ago, Santa is supposed to ride a sleigh pulled by reindeer, correct?
kazuma: Y-Yeah, that's right.
banil_christmas: Which is why I would like to catch some reindeer.
Megu., Darkness, Yunyun: C-Catch some reindeer?!
megumin_christmas: I can certainly understand your desire to be as thorough as possible if you're assuming the role of Santa, but...
aqua: I wonder how many times I'll need to use Resurrection.
kazuma: Y-You make it sound so ominous. 
kazuma: It's just a few reindeer, right? Catching them should be easy, even without our—
darkness_christmas: Do you have any idea what you're saying, Kazuma?! These are reindeer we're talking about!
megumin_christmas: Just thinking about them makes my legs tremble.
kazuma: Ah, I see what's going on here. 
kazuma: Not this trope again!
