mel_halloween: La lalalala ♪ 
kazuma: What's with the outfit, Mel? 
kazuma: Getting ready for Halloween? 
mel_halloween: That's my prankmaster! 
erica_halloween: Trick-or-treat! 
erica_halloween: Call me cute or I'll play a trick on you.
komekko_halloween: Listen well! 
komekko_halloween: Present me a mountain of sweets or you only get bugs for dinner! 
aqua: Everyone's costumes look amazing! 
mel_halloween: Thank you, Aqua. I've gotta say, this Halloween thing is the best festival 
mel_halloween: I've ever heard of. 
kazuma: I feel like I have to set down some ground rules. Halloween doesn't mean you just go around pranking everyone as you please.
kazuma: Tricks are allowed only when you don't get candy. Got it? 
mel_halloween: Of course! I love sweets enough 
mel_halloween: to hold off on the pranks for a good bucket o' candy! 
darkness: We should probably get going on our quest soon. You should all get changed back soon. 
komekko_halloween: Nope! I'm Kitty Kat Komekko today! 
megumin: K-Komekko?! 
mel_halloween: I like mine too! 
aqua: Hehe, this feels more like a pre-festival show than a quest. 
kazuma: We're going up against golems, you know. They're no pushovers, so no fooling around. 
erica_halloween: Of course! Trick-or-treat! ♪ 
mel_halloween: Understood. Don't forget to give us candy, though. 
komekko_halloween: Unless you crave bugs and dirt! 
komekko_halloween: Hssssss! 
Lady Golems: Rrrrrrrrrrgh! 
komekko_halloween: Trick-or-treat! 
komekko_halloween: Will you gimme an offering? Or do you wanna meet a bloody end?!
megumin: That's my little sister! A beautiful delivery! Though still tender in years, you are a Crimson Demon to the core!
kazuma: Hey, keep it down! The plan was to sneak up on them! 
kazuma: Megumin, blast them sky high. Burn 'em all to dust. 
megumin: Got it! 
megumin: Darkness blacker than black, I beseech thee, combine with my deep crimson—
darkness: Wait, I'm not going to be blocking any strong attacks? 
kazuma: Nope. 
erica_halloween: You mean there's no time to show off my cute dance? 
kazuma: Nope.
mel_halloween: Kazuma! Kazuma! Is it almost time for candy? 
kazuma: Nope.
mel_halloween: What? You mean...there's no candy? 
kazuma: None. 
kazuma: Do you all realize this is a quest? 
megumin: The time of awakening has come. Justice, fallen upon an infallible boundary, appear now as an intangible distortion!
Lady Golems: Whrrrrrr? 
aqua: Shoot, they've seen us. Megumin, hurry! 
megumin: Wait, not yet! I need more time to concentrate my— 
Lady Golems: Activate cleaning protocol! Graaaaaaah!
kazuma: Damn it. Everyone, get ready!
mel_halloween: Here, Kazuma. Your weapon!
kazuma: Thanks, Mel! All right, we've gotta hold them off until Megumin is ready! 
kazuma: Hrrraaaaaah!
Lady Golems: Gaaaaaahhh! 
kazuma: Hrrraaah! Wait, this feels too light to be—  
kazuma: What is this?! 
mel_halloween: Hehehe! Did you think that was Chunchunmaru? 
mel_halloween: Sorry, that's just a cucumber!
kazuma: What're you doing in the middle of a battle?! 
mel_halloween: You said so yourself, Kazuma. I have permission to play tricks when I don't get candy.
kazuma: I never said anything of the— 
megumin: That's exactly what you said. 
darkness: Yes, I heard it too. 
kazuma: Tricks are allowed only when you don't get candy. Got it?
kazuma: Okay, okay, fine! I'm sorry! But there's still a time and place! 
aqua: Can we just deal with these golems please? 
aqua: Then we can go home and throw a Halloween party with pumpkin pie and bubbly!
mel_halloween: That's a great idea! 
mel_halloween: Before we eat candy, I'll give them a taste of my own sweet surprise!
