aqua_halloween2: It's festival time! 
Locals: Trick-or-treat!
megumin: Everyone's really excited after last year's Halloween. 
darkness: It's heartwarming. And not just the residents are getting into the spirit. 
banil: Welcome! Might I interest you in a delicious pumpkin pie? 
banil: Don't miss your chance before they're sold out! 
Customer A: Excuse me. I'll take one please! 
kazuma_halloween: Lucky you! You nabbed one of our last few! 
darkness: Wiz's shop even set up a booth! Their Halloween food items look quite delicious. 
megumin: He might be the weakest adventurer around town, but he does have a knack for business. 
kazuma_halloween: Do you guys think I don't have ears? 
kazuma_halloween: It's not a knack for business. I'm the one who brought Halloween to this world. Of course I have to join in. 
banil: I agree! This may even be enough to recoup the pitiful shopkeeper's losses this month. 
banil: I suppose I'm even thankful to you. 
miia_halloween: Trick-or-treat!
aqua_halloween2: Hey there! You two look great in your costumes! 
miia_halloween: Right?! Hehe, thanks! 
Amy_halloween: Halloween, was it? Thank you for making these wonderful costumes for us, Aqua. 
megumin: You two are going to be in the costume parade, right? 
Amy_halloween: Yes! Mia's excitement has been so adorable. 
Amy_halloween: She keeps saying she's going to steal the spotlight and get the most candy.
kazuma_halloween: Haha! That sounds just like Mia. 
Child A: Trick-or-treat! Trick-or-treat! 
Child B: You won't beat me that easy! Trick-or-treat back at ya!
kazuma_halloween: They still don't really get how "trick-or-treat" works. 
kazuma_halloween: Well, the important thing is everyone's enjoying the festivities. 
miia_halloween: Hey, hey. What is this trick-or-treat thing people keep sayin'? 
kazuma_halloween: You've been using it without knowing? 
kazuma_halloween: It means if you don't give me candy, I'll play a trick on you.
Announcement: Ladies and gentlemen, sorry for the wait! The parade will begin momentarily!
aqua_halloween2: Finally! 
aqua_halloween2: I'm starving! I skipped all my meals today so I could stuff my face today! 
miia_halloween: Yay! It's parade time! 
Locals: Trick-or-treat!
kazuma_halloween: Everyone sure is having fun. 
kazuma_halloween: I do feel like I'm forgetting something really important though... 
？？？: The promised day had finally arrived...
？？？: Pum-pum-pumpkin... 
？？？: It is time! We march to the human city! 
？？？: Pum-pum-pum-pum-pumpkin!
ナレーション: As Kazuma and the others enjoyed the Halloween festivities, an ominous shadow was quickly approaching Axel...
