Modern Santa P2
Lady Golem: *Jingle jingle!*
darkness_christmas: G
darkness_christmas: waaaaaagh!
cecily_christmas: Darkness!
darkness_christmas: Ugh... This pain...must be my Christmas present! 
darkness_christmas: Please, give me more! 
darkness_christmas: Give me an even more painful present!
kazuma: Darkness has the enemy pinned down. Now's our chance!
megumin_christmas: Desecrater of holy nights, be gone!
megumin_christmas: EXPLOSION!!!
komekko: Wow, Sis! That was amazing!
megumin_christmas: Nice Christmas Explosion...
kazuma: Nice Christmas Explosion!
Driver: Thank you. If it weren't for your merry band, I would've been done for.
kazuma: Of all the days to meet with such misfortune...
aqua: I took the liberty of healing your bangs and bruises. 
aqua: I hope I got them all?
Driver: Yes, and more. I feel even better than before the attack. Oh? You, young girl. You seem uncannily familiar...
iris_christmas2: Wh-Who me? 
iris_christmas2: Th-This is certainly the first time I've had the pleasure, I'm sure.
darkness_christmas: Kazuma, under no circumstances can it be known 
darkness_christmas: that the princess is out and about!
kazuma: What am I supposed to do about 
kazuma: it?! 
kazuma: Wait, speaking of uncannily familiar, get a load of these costumes, eh?
Driver: Huh. You know, I HAVE seen those before... Wait—it's what that Santa fella wears, right?
iris_christmas2: Y-You found me out. I'm THE Santa. Friend to all children. 
iris_christmas2: Giver of gifts and bobbles and hope!
Driver: Ya don't say? I heard somewhere that Santa's an older gentleman. Got a white flowing beard...
kazuma: Ah... Yes. 
kazuma: That Santa hung up his cap not days ago. Retired!
Driver: Ya don't say?!
kazuma: It's true! My five red-clad companions have inherited the old man's cause. 
kazuma: I present you the Santas of tomorrow!
cecily_christmas: Merry Christmas!
megumin_christmas: Santa, they call me!
arue_christmas: As, too, they call me!
darkness_christmas: ...M-Me too. I guess.
iris_christmas2: And we'd like to wish you 
iris_christmas2: a very Merry Christmas!
Driver: My, I'd no idea. Ehehehe...
kazuma: I think we fooled him... Maybe.
darkness_christmas: By the way, sir, might I ask why you were riding at this hour? It's quite cold out.
Driver: By all means! I was delivering cargo. Here, see for yourself.
arue_christmas: Is this turkey meat?
aqua: And top-shelf bubbly too!
Driver: I heard these items are highly sought after on Christmas. Seeing as you saved my life, by all means, help yourselves...
cecily_christmas: Oh, you're too kind! 
cecily_christmas: We'll choose everything!
Driver: E-Everything... I'm afraid that's...
komekko: Meat, meat, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme, gimme...
Driver: Well, 'tis the season of giving. You can take half.
iris_christmas2: Are you absolutely sure?
Driver: Yes, damaged cargo fetches a lower price anyhow. Consider it my gift to you—the new Santa Clauses!
darkness_christmas: We are deeply grateful.
arue_christmas: Your act of kindness shall be preserved in my novel for all time.
komekko: Yay! Dinner!
megumin_christmas: Let's have Kazuma cook us a feast when we get back.
aqua: That's an idea I can get behind! Nothing like roasted bird!
kazuma: Wait, you're gonna eat ALL of it?
cecily_christmas: Turkey and sweet sparkling bubbly? It's time to party!
ナレーション: The renewed festivities were even more raucous than the first time around.
