Long Live the Supreme! The Sanguine Warrioress! P2
ainz: Hmm... Axel, a starter town in the Kingdom of Belzerg? 
albedo: I have never heard of it.
hamusuke: You know things are strange when you wind up in a country you've never heard of, that you do.
kazuma: Where did you guys come from, anyway?
ainz: Our base of operations is known as the Great Tomb of Nazarick. Have you heard of it?
megumin: Underground Tomb? Your coolness meter just keeps rising! 
megumin: ...I can't say I've heard of it before, though.
albedo: You would do best to remember it! Ainz Ooal Gown, ruler of the Great Tomb, 
albedo: shall one day reign supreme over the entire world!
ainz: Albedo, I do not believe that will affect this world. 
ainz: Countries, towns, magic, and even an ecosystem we've never seen before...
ainz: It would seem I've been transported to another world again.
kazuma: Again? 
kazuma: Could he be like me?!
albedo: Tch! How dare that filthy rainbow-colored monster do this to Lord Ainz! Just thinking about it makes my blood boil!
megumin: Wait a moment. Did you just say rainbow-colored monster?
ainz: That's right, why do you ask? The creature that sent us here looked like an enormous toad of some kind.
ainz: We have another comrade who was swallowed before us who is still missing, as well.
megumin: Kazuma, Kazuma...
kazuma: Yeah, I know. 
kazuma: If they saw a rainbow toad, it's probably the same one we accidentally let out of those ruins. 
kazuma: Great...
megumin: What should we do?
kazuma: Ainz, I'm sure you and your companions are feeling a bit overwhelmed! Please, allow us to help! 
kazuma: In fact, I insist!
kazuma: And so we brought them back here. This is Ainz, Albedo, and Hamsuke the Djungarian hamster.
albedo: Thank you for your hospi—
aqua: Sacred Turn Undead!
hamusuke: Whoooaaa! I-Is that purification magic?!
ainz: Haaah!!!
aqua: Strange... My purification magic had no effect. 
aqua: Hmph! You must just be different from the undead of this world! 
aqua: That's the only explanation! Otherwise, you'd already be floating around in the afterlife, buddy! 
albedo: The a-a-afterlife?! 
albedo: You were attempting to kill Lord Ainz?! 
ainz: E-Easy, Albedo. You must rein in your murderous intent.
kazuma: Down, Aqua! You can't treat our guests like that! 
aqua: You're calling these demons and the undead our GUESTS?! 
aqua: Hrmmmmmm!
ainz: This purification magic of hers... Is Aqua something other than human? 
ainz: Even her glare seems to burn a hole through me. 
darkness: To return to the matter at hand, this giant rainbow toad... We defeated it once, but it seems to have returned. 
ainz: Kazuma explained the situation to us. 
ainz: In order to return to our world, we must locate the rainbow toad again. 
darkness: We must take some of the blame for releasing it in the first place. 
darkness: Please let us help you.
ainz: Thank you. We are looking for our friend, Shalltear. 
ainz: She is a vampire, and is wearing a black dress...
megumin: While we haven't seen anyone like that, 
megumin: someone at the guild might've seen something. We should head over there. 
aqua: First an undead and a succubus, and now a vampire?! Enough! This conversation is over! 
aqua: Sacred Turn Undea—
kazuma: Stop it, you idiot! You're embarrassing all of us, and most importantly me! These are our g-u-e-s-t-s! Get that through your thick skull! 
aqua: I don't care even the tiniest bit! I'm a goddess! 
aqua: Purifying the undead is literally why I exist!
albedo: I will stand for these insults against Lord Ainz no longer! 
albedo: You'll pay for your insolence with your very life! 
aqua: I'd like to see you try, you hellish beast!
aqua: I'll be damned if I let this town be sullied with your stench! 
aqua: I'm going to finish you all off once and for— Ow!　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　
aqua: 　
aqua: K-K-Kazumaaaa! That hurt! 
kazuma: At least it shut you up... 
kazuma: Albedo, you'll have to excuse my companion here.
albedo: Hahaha!
albedo: It's too late for your dear companion! No one speaks of Lord Ainz that way and lives to—
ainz: That is quite enough, Albedo!
albedo: I-I...! 
albedo: It was unsightly of me to shame your name in such a way!
ainz: *Sigh* You truly are the very definition of volatile... Stand down and you are forgiven. 
kazuma: Phew... That was a close one. Why does it always have to be like this with us?
ainz: ...
kazuma: ...
Kazuma, Ainz: Are you thinking what I'm thinking?!
aqua: Grrrrrr... 
aqua: No! I won't stand for it! I don't care! 
aqua: Demons like you make me sick to my stomach! GOD REQUI—
darkness: That's 
darkness: enough, Aqua. 
kazuma: Good, Darkness! Keep her there! 
kazuma: I'll find somewhere else for us to talk, away from her!
ainz: A-As you like!
aqua: Defeat the demons! 
aqua: Down with the Devil King!
ナレーション: Wishing to put some distance between them and Aqua, Kazuma and Ainz's party headed to Wiz's Shop.
