ナレーション: That night, Megumin enjoyed a humble dinner in the Crimson Demon Village, surrounded by her friends...
komekko: *Munch munch* Meat skewers are delicious! 
komekko: Sis, can I have another one?!
megumin_lightcloth: Of course. We've got plenty left.
arue: Hehe, you're such a loving family.
ynyn: I'm happy for you, Komekko. You've seemed a bit lonely from time to time without Megumin around.
komekko: Food always tastes better when my big sis is here.
megumin_lightcloth: Komekko...
arue: It's okay to let yourself be spoiled every once in a while. I'd wager you could get away with just about anything today.
komekko: Really?!
megumin_lightcloth: Of course. Is there anything else you'd like me to do?
komekko: Hmm... Oh, I know! 
komekko: I want to eat some lizard runner burgers!
ynyn: Y-You're still thinking about food after that huge meal?
komekko: Is that a no?
megumin_lightcloth: That's no problem at all! First thing tomorrow, we shall hunt lizard runners! 
megumin_lightcloth: Anything for my little sister!
arue: Thanks for coming, brave warriors!
ynyn: What are you talking about? 
ynyn: You knew we were coming.
megumin: Yunyun, don't spoil the mood.
komekko: You're not very good at reading the room, are you?
ynyn: Huh?! Are you saying I'm the odd one?!
arue: Now, let the hunt for the elusive lizard runner begin. 
arue: I hereby 
arue: designate our group the Crimson Hounds!
megumin: Leave it to Arue to come up with the best names!
komekko: So cool!
komekko: Lizard runners make great burgers, but a spit-roasted lizard runner sounds good too. *Drool*
ynyn: I-Is that so? 
ynyn: But can you really eat an entire Lizard Runner by yourself?
komekko: Try? There's no such thing. You either eat or you don't! 
komekko: And I'm gonna eat!
arue: Hehe... I can feel her determination.
megumin: That's my little sister! 
megumin: How many do you want? A hundred? A thousand? Just leave it to your big sister!
arue: Look, those are fresh lizard runner tracks. We should find some close by.
ynyn: Looks like the reports placing them in this area were right.
megumin: I don't see any other signs... 
megumin: Hm? Did you feel that?
Giant Earthworm: Rooooooarrrgh!
ynyn: A-A giant earthworm?! 
ynyn: I thought there were supposed to be lizard runners here!
arue: It's likely they're fighting over territory. Monsters frequently force each other to move from one area to another.
komekko: In other words, there should still be some meat nearby?
megumin: Most likely. This changes our plans a bit...but we can look for any surviving lizard runners after we deal with it.
arue: Agreed. Let's show this thing who we are! All together!
Everyone: We are the Crimson Hounds!
ynyn: C-Crimson... 
ynyn: E-Eh? When did you have time to practice that?
arue: Such things come naturally when your hearts beat as one! 
arue: Now, let's go!
ynyn: Hey! Wait for meeeeee!
ナレーション: After a group pose so polished that it almost looked pre-planned, Arue and company rushed to confront the giant earthworm...
