Princess Runner - P2
Giant Earthworm: Rooooooarrrgh!
arue: *Pant* My name is Arue! I shall be a best-selling author!
megumin: I am Megumin! Wielder of the strongest explosion magic!
komekko: And my name is Komekko! The devilish little sister of the Crimson Demons!
ynyn: M-My name is Yunyun... I can use advanced magic...
Everyone: Together, we shall defeat this overgrown earthworm!
arue: Now for the finishing blow! 
arue: Cursed Lightning!
Giant Earthworm: Grooooooaaar...
arue: Heh. That did it.
megumin: It sure did. All that's left is the lizard runners. 
megumin: With my explosion magic, I'll finish this quest with a bang.
ynyn: I see. That explains why you never looked like you were going to use it during that battle.
megumin: But what were you doing, Yunyun?! That was our chance to perform a perfect four-person pose! Why were you so quiet?!
ynyn: I-I can't help it! It's embarrassing enough on my own... 
ynyn: I can't pull a four-person pose out of nowhere!
komekko: Try to do better next time, okay Yunyun?
ynyn: Nnngh... Why does it sound like you pity me...?
Lizard Runners: Kssshaaaaaa!
arue: Oh, it would seem the lizard runners have returned now that we've dealt with that giant earthworm.
komekko: Lizard runners... 
komekko: Sis!
megumin: There sure are a lot, but no matter. 
megumin: Everyone, stand clear! 
megumin: Here goes! EXPLOOOSION!
Lizard Runners: Krrreeeeeeggghhh!
megumin: Phew... Looks like our work here is done.
komekko: Yaaay! You're amazing, Sis! Look at 'em all!
ynyn: That's Megumin for you.
komekko: We can bring some home for Mom and Dad! The family won't have to worry about going hungry for a while!
arue: Such warm familial love. 
arue: We should smoke this lizard runner meat so it lasts...but let's set some aside for our celebration tonight. 
arue: Look at all of this...steak, deep-fried, hot pot... 
arue: Hehe, this is quite the spread.
komekko: Hooray! Everything looks yummy!
megumin_lightcloth: Let's eat then, shall— 
megumin_lightcloth: Hm? Yunyun, is something wrong? You're acting odd, not that that's anything new.
ynyn: B-Being asked to come over for dinner? 
ynyn: This is a huge deal! Just the thought makes me nervous!
arue: Come, we should eat up before it gets cold.
komekko: You don't have to tell me twi— *Munch munch* More, please!
megumin_lightcloth: A-Already?!
arue: It's natural to be especially hungry after all that monster hunting today. We even slew a giant earthworm.
megumin_lightcloth: Hehe. I guess that's true. My tummy's rumbling too. 
megumin_lightcloth: I think I'll start with some lizard steak.
ynyn: In this situation, it's probably more polite to start with drink? 
ynyn: They went to so much trouble cooking, though...
arue: Yunyun, if you don't start eating, the food is going to get cold. Actually, it'll probably disappear before that.
ynyn: Huh?
komekko: *Chomp chomp* Lizard runners are so yummy! 
komekko: More, please!
ynyn: What?! How many servings have you had already?!
megumin_lightcloth: Here, you can have some of my portion. 
megumin_lightcloth: Make sure to eat a lot so you grow up big and strong.
komekko: Okay! Let's have another party tomorrow!
arue: Tomorrow may be difficult, but I certainly hope to do this again soon. 
arue: After all, meals eaten with friends always taste better.
ナレーション: Laughter and light burst out of Megumin's house until late into the night...
