Long Live the Supreme! The Sanguine Warrioress! P5
ainz: The reports say Shalltear was spotted right around here.
albedo: It looks like the picture of tranquility to me...
megumin: True. There are no signs of a commotion anywhere.
hamusuke: All is calm, yes. I shall curl up for a little hamster nap while we're waiting, that I shall.
？？？: TOMATOOO!!!
darkness_O: Did you hear that?!
aqua: I think it came from that direction.
kazuma_O: Whatever it was, it sounded angry...
ainz: Let us investigate. Shalltear could be the cause of the commotion. 
albedo: It's her, Lord Ainz! It's Shalltear!
hamusuke: She appears to be engaged in combat, that she is.
darkness_O: She's fighting? We should go help her. 
ainz: Just a moment. Something seems strange. 
Tomato: TOMATOOO!!!
shalltear_battle: AHAHAHAHAHA!!
Tomato: Toma-toma-tomatooo...
shalltear_battle: Weak! Pathetic! Your squishy flesh poses no threat to me! 
hamusuke: What's that thing Shalltear's fighting? Whatever it is, it looks very yummy, that it does. 
megumin: It's a tomato.
ainz: By all appearances, it does look like a tomato. But it walks and bounces? 
ainz: And talks, for that matter?! 
kazuma_O: This isn't a battle. It's a...what's the word...
kazuma_O: massacre.
darkness_O: Yes, she truly lives up to Ainz's description of her. She's squashed so many tomatoes without a single scratch. 
albedo: Shalltear's prowess in battle has always been formidable, but her spear is the true issue here.
ainz: It is known as the Pipette Lance, a weapon that leeches health from its opponent with every hit.
kazuma_O: Wait, what?! So she's an all-powerful vampire with a god-tier weapon? 
kazuma_O: Hey... you're all the best of friends, right? R-Right? 
ainz: I'm afraid that when it comes to Shalltear, it's not quite that simple. 
darkness_O: What do you mean? You're her friends, aren't you? 
darkness_O: Wouldn't she stand down as soon as she saw you? 
ainz: Unfortunately not. All the signs indicate her "Blood Frenzy" has kicked in. 
ainz: It's a skill that causes Shalltear to lose her mind as she becomes gripped by her own bloodlust. 
kazuma_O: Yeah, I don't like the sound of that at all!
albedo: But my lord, Shalltear would never give in to her bloodlust and rain blood down upon this peaceful land, would she?
ainz: I believe the massacre unfolding before us answers that question. 
Tomato: TOMAAAAAATOOO!!!
shalltear_battle: Ahahahahahaha!
kazuma_O: You aren't serious, right? 
kazuma_O: She's just confusing the tomato juice with blood, isn't she? 
ainz: I wish this was just a simple misunderstanding. From the bottom of my empty heart cavity, I do.
kazuma_O: Vampire lady, you're a real pain in the rear!
ainz: It won't be long before she starts baring her fangs toward humans too. We need to stop her...
aqua: GOD BLOW!!!
albedo: Look out, Lord Ainz!
ainz: H-
ainz: Hey, what are you doing?!
aqua: Hmph. Looks like I missed.
kazuma_O: Oi! 
kazuma_O: You idiot goddess! We already have our hands full figuring out how to deal with Shalltear! Stop making it harder for everyone! 
aqua: It's not my fault! He's the one who turned his back and gave me an opportunity! 
shalltear_battle: What are you people blabbering about over here? 
Kazuma, Ainz: Uh oh...
kazuma_O: Look what you've done! You've gone and blown our cover!
aqua: Stop yelling at me! I can't help it! 
aqua: It's what goddesses do, okay?! We purify the undead! 
shalltear_battle: Enough talk! 
shalltear_battle: Come, entertain me! 
aqua: H-Hey... 
aqua: Why is she coming after me all of a sudden?! 
aqua: I-I didn't try to take HER head off!
kazuma_O: Ainz, you got any ideas?! Is there no way to snap her out of her Blood Frenzy? 
ainz: Well, she seems to have her guard down. If we were to hit her with a powerful enough attack... 
kazuma_O: A powerful attack...? 
kazuma_O: I've got just the thing!
megumin: Did you say my name? 
ainz: I assume you mean that rather potent spell of hers. 
ainz: I leave it to you, great wizard of this world!
megumin: Feast your eyes on the power of explosion magic and 
megumin: carry tales of its legend back to your world! 
aqua: Listen up, you bloodsucking leech! We deal with undead demons like you every day of the week here!
aqua: Take this! 
aqua: God Requiem!!!
shalltear_battle: Such strength! Are you some kind of monk?!
hamusuke: W-Wow...! You're way stronger than any holy lady I've met, that you are!
kazuma_O: Now! While Aqua has Shalltear's attention!
albedo: Yes! We must grab this opportunity while we can! 
ainz: Shalltear, I shall make you come to your senses.
