Home Again with These Pumpkins! P2
ナレーション: As night fell and the festivities moved into full swing, Kazuma and Vanir were making a killing at their stall...
banil: One pumpkin cake, coming up! Thank you for your business! 
Female Customer: I've been looking forward to this all you! Who knew pumpkin cake would taste so good?!
Male Customer: I agree! I hear the pies are great, too! My whole family's dying to try some! Six slices, please!
kazuma_halloween: You got it! If you like it, don't forget to tell all your friends where you got it!
banil: Mwahahaha! 
banil: These things are selling so fast that I simply cannot contain my giddiness!
kazuma_halloween: We should re-examine our pumpkin suppliers for next year. We'll need three times this year's order, minimum. 
kazuma_halloween: It might be worth expanding into pumpkin-related goods too. Maybe even provide a pumpkin costume rental service!
darkness: He's in full business-mode. 
megumin: And whenever he's got money, we've got money! 
megumin: I'm not complaining. 
banil: Well said. Not to mention with the ordeal in store for him soon, he could certainly use the confidence boost.
kazuma_halloween: Ordeal? What are you talking about?
Announcement: Emergency! Emergency! A horde of monsters is approaching town! All available adventurers, assemble at the gates!
kazuma_halloween: During rush hour?! 
kazuma_halloween: You gotta be kidding! 
Pumpkin Pillar: Pum-pum-pumpkin! We have returned after a long year, scum! 
miia_halloween: What're doing?! Don'tcha know you're ruining our parade? 
aqua_halloween2: Mia! No matter how frustrated you are, you really don't want to make the pumpkins angry! 
miia_halloween: I-I'm not afraid of a bunch of pumpkins! 
Amy_halloween: Her legs are trembling, but Mia's doing her best to confront the pumpkins! 
Amy_halloween: Her bravery is just the cutest!
kazuma_halloween: Hey! Aqua, Mia, Amy, are you all right?!
kazuma_halloween: Wait, a horde of fiendish-looking pumpkins? Don't tell me—! 
Pumpkin Pillar: Death awaits any who would defy us! Now, shall we erase this pitiful town from the map?
Adventurer A: I was enjoying the festival so much, I completely forgot about the human harvesters. They're so scary! 
Adventurer B: I thought they usually wander from place to place! Why would they come back to our town again?! 
Pumpkin Pillar: Stupid humans! We are merely honoring our promise! 
megumin: Promise? 
aqua_halloween2: Now that they mention it, that does sound familiar. 
Pumpkin Pillar: Yes. As per our agreement, we shall not attack your town. 
Adventurer A: YEEEAAAHHH!!! Kazuma did it! He's chased off those pumpkins for good!
Adventurer B: Kazuma the Pumpkin Slayer! Kazuma the Pumpkin Slayer!!!
kazuma_halloween: Please don't call me that. It sounds lame. 
Pumpkin Pillar: But be warned, we shall return next year. 
aqua_halloween2: ...From what I remember. 
Amy_halloween: So you've returned due to your agreement with Kazuma? 
Pumpkin Pillar: Precisely! 
kazuma_halloween: I knew it! 
Adventurer A: What are you going to do about this, Kazuma?! Because of your short-sighted plan last year, the town's in danger again!
Adventurer B: How dare you call yourself the Pumpkin Slayer! This is all your fault!
kazuma_halloween: Excuse me?! I saved you guys last year!
kazuma_halloween: And anyway, who started calling me Pumpkin Slayer in the first place?! I was against it! 
Pumpkin Pillar: Pum-pum-pumpkin! Yes, pitiful creatures! Quarrel and insult each other! 
Amy_halloween: Please, calm down. This is no time to be assigning blame. 
aqua_halloween2: A-Anyway, as the town's representative, I know you'll find a way out of this mess, Kazuma! Good luck!
kazuma_halloween: Why do you guys only turn to me when there's trouble?! 
Adventurers: Kazuma! Kazuma! Let's go, Kazuma!
kazuma_halloween: What a second!
Announcement: Attention! The very fate of our residents has been entrusted to Kazuma Satou! All citizens, please retreat! 
megumin: The die is cast! 
darkness: If you fail, I promise to look after your remains. 
kazuma_halloween: This is way too much for one guy to handle! 
kazuma_halloween: Dammit! This must be what Vanir was referring to when he was talking about an ordeal!
