ナレーション: With Shalltear's senses restored, Ainz and the others looked to pass time as they figured out how to return home. 
shalltear: I'm sorry again for all the trouble I've caused. 
shalltear: I do hope you can forgive me.
ainz: You have been most gracious to us. 
ainz: As a thank you for all you've done, I'd like to hold a feast in your honor.
aqua: Hmph! Of course a demon like you tries to bribe me with free food. 
aqua: Barkeep! We'll take all of your finest bubbly!
kazuma_O: I see you're really sticking to your principles.
banil: I suppose such poor etiquette is to be expected from her. 
aqua: I don't remember asking your opinion, demon! 
aqua: Ah, I can't stand how bad demons smell…
aqua: I'm gonna need some more drinks! Keep 'em coming!
darkness_O: You shouldn't take advantage of their generosity, Aqua.
ainz: Worry not. We hope you eat and drink to your heart's content, so we can express our gratitude for guiding us through your world. 
albedo: You are truly a paragon of leadership, my lord! 
albedo: Your capacity for benevolence knows no bounds!
shalltear: I still feel terrible for causing such a commotion.
megumin: It's all water under the bridge. 
megumin: Where I come from, the more trouble you have controlling your power, the better.
kazuma_O: Was that supposed to be a compliment?
hamusuke: Lady Megumin is right. Things are super different here in this new world, that it is. 
darkness_O: Once we find the rainbow giant toad, our adventure together will be over. So for tonight, let's revel and enjoy each other's company. 
megumin: I agree. 
megumin: I'll celebrate with a glass of bubbly! 
kazuma_O: Cancel that order! The kid here will take a glass of juice!
megumin: What?! That's not fair! I wanna try too! 
megumin: And why're you the only one who gets to dress up as Ainz? What about me?! 
megumin: It's my turn now! 
megumin: It's perfect for a Crimson Demon! 
megumin: Besides, I'm the one who wanted it in the first place. 
megumin: Take it off! Take it off right now! 
kazuma_O: H-Hey, stop pulling! You're going to rip it!
banil: You seem to be in a spot of trouble. Perhaps I could be of some assistance with your little problem.
megumin: Really? You'll make me one too? 
aqua: Wait just a second! 
aqua: You'd enlist the help of a demon in my presence?! 
aqua: Not on my watch! If you really want your own, I'll make it. 
megumin: You'd really do that for me?! Oh thank you!
Staff: Sorry for the wait. Here are your drinks! 
kazuma_O: All right. Grab a glass, everybody! One, two, three...
Everyone: Cheers!
albedo: Hmm.... What an interesting concoction. 
albedo: It's fizzing in my mouth...
darkness_O: Oh! This must be your first time trying bubbly. Delicious, isn't it? 
darkness_O: This town is well known for it. 
shalltear: I heartily agree. 
hamusuke: I am intrigued. I shall give it a taste, that I shall.
megumin: You're not going to try, Ainz? 
ainz: I do not require sustenance of any kind. I am all bones, as you can see.
banil: It wouldn't hurt to enjoy the party a bit, no? 
ainz: I suppose not... A tipple of the local specialty can't hur—
hamusuke: Woowee! My throat is bursting with life, that it is! 
hamusuke: Hehehehe. I feel warm and fuzzy all of sudden, that I do...
kazuma_O: C-Can Djungarian hamsters even get drunk?! 
kazuma_O: I guess every world has its oddities...
hamusuke: Now I feel too hot, that I do. That I am, loopy. 
hamusuke: Hnh! The forest... It calls to me! 
shalltear: Hamsuke? Are you...drunk?
ainz: Surely not... 
ainz: Wait, could it be that this world's drink has an effect on us demons?!
hamusuke: Hehehe, the Wise King of the Forest shall return to its rightful place in the forest, that it shall!
ainz: Hamsuke! Calm yourself! 
hamusuke: Poppycock, you speak! No one shall calm the Wise King! 
banil: This party finally got interesting.
darkness_O: Now isn't the time, Vanir! 
darkness_O: What do we do? Should we give chase?
shalltear: We could leave her be if we were back home, but in this land we know nothing about? 
kazuma_O: Tch. First Shalltear, now Hamsuke? 
ainz: I must apologize on behalf of my subordinates.
kazuma_O: It's not your fault! You're just not used to our world, is all. 
kazuma_O: Come on, everybody! Let's get going!
aqua: *Hiccup* 
aqua: Another bottle of your best bubbly, please...
kazuma_O: She's no use anyway. Leave her. 
darkness_O: Hamsuke is nowhere to be found. What speed she has... 
ainz: Before Hamsuke joined my court, she was called the Wise King of the Forest, and ruled the south as its fiercest monster.
shalltear: We've been looking for so long. No one said there would be so much walking involved. 
albedo: Perhaps all that padding on your chest is weighing you down, 
albedo: Shalltear. 
shalltear: Hm? Does anyone else hear that mumbling? 
shalltear: I'm afraid I'm not well-versed in the parlance of big-mouthed gorillas.
albedo: How dare you...!
kazuma_O: Everyone, quiet! I heard footsteps. 
hamusuke: Rrrrrraaaaaaghhh!
Cabbage: Cabba-cabba-cabba...
Carrot: Carr-carr-carrot!
hamusuke: Heeheehee... Trespassing on my turf, that you are. Leave before my wrath falls upon you! 
darkness_O: That doesn't sound like Hamsuke at all! 
darkness_O: What aggression! 
ainz: She reminds me of when we first met, how nostalgic. 
ainz: No time for reminiscing though, we've caused Kazuma enough trouble already. 
ainz: Hamsuke, listen carefully. 
ainz: For Ainz Ooal Gown shall once again open your eyes!
megumin: Ah, the epitome of coolness... 
megumin: But I'm not about to let him outshine me! 
megumin: My name is Megumin, wielder of explosion magic! I will bring you down, Hamsuke! 
hamusuke: Hahahaha! I invite you to try your worst, that I do! 
hamusuke: Advance, my brethren!
Cabbage: Cabba-cabba!
Carrot: Carr-carr-carrot!
kazuma_O: Get ready, everyone! Let's sober up this giant hamster! 
