A Present on This Holy Night! P2
ナレーション: Donning their Santa outfits, Vanir and Wiz took to the streets to pass out flyers...
banil_christmas: Merry Christmas from Wiz's Magic Shop! Present this flyer to get a special in-store discount!
wiz_christmas: We're having a sale on every item in the shop! You certainly don't want to miss out!
kazuma: Hey, Vanir. How's business going?
banil_christmas: Still a bit slow, to be honest. I guess costumes and coupons alone don't pack enough punch.
kazuma: A lot of other shops are having Christmas sales too.
wiz_christmas: Our shop only carries the highest quality goods. I don't see how they aren't selling...
banil_christmas: Where exactly does that confidence of yours come from? 
banil_christmas: If you knew how to buy decent products 
banil_christmas:  I wouldn't have to resort to standing out in the winter cold!
wiz_christmas: Don't say such horrible things! 
wiz_christmas: Every product we carry is of the highest quality!
banil_christmas: Hrrrgggh... 
banil_christmas: I would very much like to teach you a lesson with Death Ray, 
banil_christmas: but I suppose I'll forgive you for now. 
banil_christmas: Besides, it would be a waste to scorch that outfit. 
banil_christmas: If this pitiful shopkeeper hasn't learned by now, then it's too late. Time to collect myself and devise a new plan! 
banil_christmas: Now, let me think... 
banil_christmas: I believe you're right, boy. We need something that'll make us stand out from the other shops.
kazuma: Hmm... Wiz has always taken care of us one way or another, so I'd like to help. I don't have any ideas, though... 
kazuma: Oh.
kazuma: Hey, what would you say to using a more realistic Santa?
banil_christmas: Realistic Santa? 
banil_christmas: What do you mean?
kazuma: The two pillars of Christmas are Santa and all the joyful children.
wiz_christmas: Children? 
wiz_christmas: I've never heard that before.
kazuma: That makes sense. I mean, this town clearly doesn't really know who Santa is yet.
kazuma: Where I'm from, Santa is someone who visits towns on Christmas by riding a sleigh pulled by reindeer.
kazuma: He sneaks into the houses of children through the chimney. 
kazuma: Then he leaves presents for them as they sleep, 
kazuma: to surprise them when they wake up the next morning!
kazuma: That's why Santa's so popular where I'm from.
wiz_christmas: Waking up in the morning to find presents just for you? 
wiz_christmas: What a lovely custom.
banil_christmas: Okay, but how exactly can Santa and presents help us increase sales for our shop?
kazuma: Well you see, in reality, Santa is actually the children's parents!
wiz_christmas: What?!
kazuma: The parents bring out the presents out in the middle of the night to surprise their children.
kazuma: Then they say Santa brought the gifts. 
kazuma: In other words...
wiz_christmas: In other words...?
banil_christmas: Everything is done for the children. I see...
banil_christmas: Welcome! For Christmas this year, consider giving your child a gift! 
banil_christmas: Parents, you don't miss this chance to show your love!
banil_christmas: Santa Vanir has all kinds of toys on sale now!
kazuma: Oh, looks like Vanir has already started.
banil_christmas: First up, we have a mystery puzzle! 
banil_christmas: It's perfect for promoting critical thinking skills in small children! Get yours now!
megumin: I get it. He took your custom of Santa giving presents and turned it into a business model to sell his goods as gifts.
megumin: And by targeting parents specifically, he takes advantage of their desire to see their children happy.
kazuma: Hey, don't make it sound so dishonest. 
kazuma: This is a legitimate business model, you know.
banil_christmas: We have a large selection of toys to choose from, and all of our item prices have been slashed for our Christmas sale!
banil_christmas: But that's not all! I, Vanir, shall personally deliver all gifts purchased today to your children on Christmas day!
kazuma: Nice! He's even offering a special Santa delivery service so the parents don't have to do it themselves. 
kazuma: He's a genius!
megumin: Kazuma? Why do you look so frustrated?
kazuma: I should have gotten in on this when I had the chance! He's going to make a ton of money.
megumin: I thought you might say something like that...
megumin: Oh, look. There are already parents lining up.
banil_christmas: Come find the perfect gift to surprise your children with this Christmas! 
banil_christmas: It's first come, first served, so don't wait!
ナレーション: And so, Vanir's revolutionary Christmas business model quickly became the talk of the town.
