erica: Argh....
erica: This is truly a catastrophe!
megumin: Erika? Why do you look so scary? 
erica: Wh-Wh-What?! I look scary?? B-But... 
erica: Even if I look scary, 
erica: you still think I'm cute, right? RIGHT?! 
kazuma: Sure, yes. You are so very cute. The cutest. Happy? 
erica: Hehe! 
erica: Of course I already knew that! 
kazuma: ...Ugh.
darkness: What's wrong, Erika? Is there something bothering you! 
erica: I'm fine, but...! There is something horrible bothering me. 
erica: I've been hearing rumors from the guild that 
erica: a golem was sighted in the ruins to the east!
kazuma: What's the problem? Those ruins are a safe distance from here. 
kazuma: I'm sure there'll be a kill quest soon enough.
erica: No, we can't leave this one to anyone else. 
erica: Not this time.
megumin: But why? Has this fiend already inflicted casualties? 
erica: No, the only real damage was a group of adventurers that went to investigate got driven off.
erica: But according to them, the golem 
erica: was...insanely cute!
kazuma: ...What. 
erica: I'm serious! The golem is INSANELY CUTE!!! 
erica: One even said with a smile on his face that 
erica: she hit and injured him, 
erica: but he didn't even feel the pain because she was 
erica: so cute.
aqua: Those adventurers sound almost as stupid as Kazuma. 
darkness: But I don’t understand what this golem has to do with Erika...
erica: Isn't it obvious?! How can a golem be THAT cute? 
erica: I need to see it for myself! 
kazuma: Why do you even care?! 
erica: My cuteness is being upstaged! 
erica: And a threat to my cuteness is a threat to the very fabric of our world!
megumin: That's a little dramatic, if you ask me. 
megumin: Well, we wish you the best of luck in your valiant adventure, Erika! 
erica: What're you saying? You guys are obviously coming with me! 
kazuma: *Sigh*
erica: We're here.
kazuma: I'm already regretting this. 
aqua: No complaints here! She promised to let us keep nine tenths of the loot, remember!
erica: Of course! I'm here for something much more important than treasure! 
megumin: Let's get this over with, shall we? 
megumin: You know, I could just blast away these ruins to smithereens and be done with all this. 
kazuma: No you can't! What if the buildings collapse? 
kazuma: We wouldn't be able to tell if we defeated the golem,  let alone lay eyes on it. 
darkness: Shhh... Do you hear that?
aqua: Footsteps! They're coming this way! 
Lady Golem A: Intruder alert. Initiating defensive measures.
darkness: It's the golem! 
Lady Golem B: Activate cleaning protocol.
Lady Golem C: My lord and master has ordered your elimination.
aqua: Waaaaaahhh! That thing is freaking me out! 
aqua: They're gonna wipe us out! 
megumin: This is bizarre. There's no end to them! 
megumin: Kazuma! What's our game plan? 
kazuma: Isn't it obvious? Get rid of 'em! 
erica: Eeeeeek!
kazuma: Erika, are you okay?!
erica: No, not in the slightest! I can't figure out if they're cute or not! 
erica: I thought it'd be absolutely unforgivable
erica: that it could be cuter than me, 
erica: but the not knowing is way worse! 
Everyone: Huh...?
Lady Golem A: Activate cleaning protocol.
kazuma: Either way, we've got way more important issues on our hands. 
kazuma: Let's do this, I guess. 
