ナレーション: One day, Ainz and his aides sensed an unknown power...
ainz: How strange. I've never encountered magic of this sort before. 
ainz: Albedo, what do you make of it?
albedo: Whatever it is, I'm sure it doesn't warrant your personal attention, Supreme One.
ainz: It's all right. I was growing bored anyway.
shalltear: Lord Ainz, I thank you for allowing me to accompany you.
hamusuke: Leave this to me, Master. I will protect you with my life, that I will.
ainz: You can never take too many precautions when facing an unknown opponent.
shalltear: I vow to live up to your expectations, Lord Ainz.
albedo: Of all the people to come, why am I stuck with the padded bra? I'd be better off on my own.
shalltear: Keep your mouth shut, you over-sized gorilla.
ainz: *Sigh* Why do these two always behave like this?
hamusuke: Master, over there! Is that what we're looking for?
ainz: That's the source of this unknown power?
Rainbow Giant Toad: Crooooooak.
ainz: What in the heck is that?! An enormous frog?!
albedo: I've never seen a monster like that before. 
albedo: How sinister!
Rainbow Giant Toad: *Ribbit ribbit* *Ribbiiiiiit*
shalltear: L-
shalltear: Lord Ainz, watch out! I shall pro— 
shalltear: Hrmph!
ainz: Shalltear!
hamusuke: Ahhhhhh! That thing swallowed her whole, that it did!
albedo: How dare you harm Shalltear! You will pay for that!
ainz: Albedo, wait! If you attack carelessly, you may harm Shalltear! 
ainz: I will handle this.
hamusuke: Master! It's too dangerous, that it is!
ainz: Be still!
Rainbow Giant Toad: Croaaa...?
ainz: Now, open that mouth of yours so I can see inside... 
ainz: Huh?! Wh-What the—?!
albedo: What is it, Lord Ainz?!
ainz: It would seem that Shalltear is already gone.
hamusuke: B-But that's impossible! There's no way she could have been digested already, that there isn't!
ainz: That is not what I meant. 
ainz: It would appear that the interior of this beast functions as some sort of teleportation device.
Rainbow Giant Toad: Cr-Crooooooaaak!
albedo: It stinks... 
albedo: Lord Ainz, perhaps we shouldn't stand so close.
ainz: No, we cannot abandon Shalltear. 
ainz: Come, we must go after her!
hamusuke: Master! Your spirit is as admirable as ever, that it is! I shall accompany you!
albedo: As will I! I'm not about to let anyone show more dedication to Lord Ainz than myself! Hyah!
albedo: Eeeeeeeeek!
hamusuke: Ungh...
ainz: Hey, wake up.
hamusuke: H-Hm...?
hamusuke: Master! 
hamusuke: Where are we?!
hamusuke: The ecosystem looks completely different here— This vegetation is unlike anything in my forest, that it is.
ainz: I don't remember any area like this in YGGDRASIL. That goes for that monster, too...
ainz: It's almost like I've been transported to yet another world...though I suppose that's not impossible...
albedo: Lord Ainz, I have finished scouting the surrounding area. 
albedo: However, I found no sign of Shalltear.
ainz: Shalltear is one of my most powerful followers. I doubt she is in any immediate danger.
hamusuke: Still, we can't simply stop looking. We should find her as quickly as possible, that we should!
ainz: I agree. Let us continue our search while we figure out where exactly we are.
ainz: Though that's easier said than done. Now I understand where the saying "a babe in the woods" comes from.
？？？: EXPLOSION!
albedo: Lord Ainz, what was that?!
hamusuke: Are we under attack?!
ainz: That was too distant to assume hostility just yet. 
ainz: Whatever it was may provide us some answers, however. 
ainz: Let's go.
megumin: Another thoroughly exhilarating day... 
megumin: Ah...
kazuma: Nice explosion! That was quite the blast, Megumin.
kazuma: I'd give it an 88...
kazuma: but the way those rocks went flying deserves a bonus for artistic flair! 
kazuma: I'll give it a 93!
megumin: Oh! I'm getting even better! 
megumin: I shall continue reaching ever higher in my mastery of the explosive arts!
kazuma: That's great, but we should find a new spot. 
kazuma: We'll have to pay for repairs again if we damage the terrain too much.
ainz: That was a truly magnificent display. Judging from your ability, might I assume you are a renowned sorcerer?
kazuma: Wha—?!
ainz: We seem to have found ourselves in a bit of trouble. 
ainz: I was hoping to speak to someone familiar with the area.
ainz: Oh, my apologies. Where are my manners? 
ainz: My name is Ain—
kazuma: H-H-Here, 
kazuma: this is all the money I have! We have no jewelry or equipment of any value, but take whatever you want!
kazuma: I swear I won't report this, just please don't hurt me! I'll get out of your way and you'll never see me again!
ainz: Huh?
kazuma: We're just two weak, 
kazuma: insignificant adventurers. We won't—
megumin: How cool! Kazuma, look! Doesn't that outfit just scream Devil King?!
megumin: My Crimson Demon heart is positively singing right now...
megumin: We simply must become friends!
kazuma: Are you insane?! We just ran into a walking, talking, and obviously super strong skeleton in the middle of nowhere! 
kazuma: We're definitely in trouble here! Our best chance is to beg for his mercy!
albedo: Ah, how wonderful. Even the vulgar creatures of this faraway land recognize your greatness at a glance, Master!
ainz: Rest assured, we mean you no harm. We simply wish to ask you a few questions.
megumin: Kazuma, look! That staff compliments his skeletal appearance so perfectly! It's too cool!
ainz: Cool...? 
ainz: It's been so long since I was complimented by a human. It's actually kind of nice.
megumin: Please, ask us anything you wish!
ainz: Th-Thank you. Would you mind standing up first, though? 
ainz: Speaking to someone prostrating on the ground is a bit strange...
