Let's Play Some Pranks! P2
mel_halloween: Lightning Bolt!
Lady Golems: Ahhhhhh!
megumin: Thanks for the assist! My turn! This goes beyond any mere Halloween prank! 
megumin: Experience my ultimate explosion magic!
megumin: EXPLOSION!!!
Lady Golems: Ahhhhhh!
megumin: Nice...explosion...
mel_halloween: That was a close one.
kazuma: You're one to talk! 
kazuma: Your pranks almost cost us big time.
erica_halloween: Oh, don't be so hard on her, Kazuma. Everything worked out. 
erica_halloween: Besides, she looks so cute playing tricks in that outfit.
darkness: And thanks to the delay it caused, I was able to block an incredibly hard blow.
kazuma: You're all way too forgiving.
komekko_halloween: It's nearly time for some sweets! 
komekko_halloween: Tricks are the perfect way to build up your appetite for treats!
aqua: All right, time to head home for a Halloween party!
Everyone: Let's dig in!
kazuma: There's plenty to go around! 
kazuma: I made pumpkin pie, pumpkin soup, and even pumpkin pudding! It's a pumpkin feast!
mel_halloween: I've never tasted such delicious pumpkin cuisine, even before being sealed away...
komekko_halloween: *Munch munch* More please!
mel_halloween: I'll take another serving too!
kazuma: Fine, here you go. 
kazuma: You know, I've always wondered where the "give me candy or I'll play a trick on you" thing came from.
kazuma: Maybe it's because giving kids something sweet to eat is the best way to get them to behave.
darkness: With her reputation, I'd bet any townsfolk who heard Mel say trick-or-treat would give her candy as fast as possible.
komekko_halloween: What?!
erica_halloween: What is it, Komekko? 
komekko_halloween: I just had a really great idea. 
komekko_halloween: Mel, would you accompany me around town later?
mel_halloween: S-Sure. I don't mind, but what for?
komekko_halloween: If I go around town with you, I'll get way more candy than I would on my own!
aqua: Komekko's as devious as ever, isn't she?
megumin: I would prefer you use the term clever.
kazuma: Didn't she say you two used to catch crawfish at the river? 
kazuma: Komekko's power of persuasion is unrivaled.
megumin: Komekko, there are plenty of pumpkin sweets left. 
megumin: Eat as many as you like.
komekko_halloween: Hooray! Thanks, Sis! 
komekko_halloween: *Munch munch*
darkness: Mel, you should try some of this pie too. Just be sure to refrain from playing any tricks for the moment, all right?
megumin: Komekko, allow your big sis to lend you a hand. I'll go around town with you later as well.
mel_halloween: Hehe, spending Halloween with friends is the best. 
mel_halloween: Oh, could I get another serving of this soup?
kazuma: Coming right up!
