Long Live the Supreme! Wise King of the Forest! P2
ナレーション: After defeating a horde of vegetables, Kazuma and company stand face to face with a drunken and rampaging Hamsuke...
kazuma_O: Hamsuke! We're your friends, don't you remember! 
hamusuke: You speak nonsense, that you do! 
hamusuke: You're trying to keep me from my rightful claim over the forest! 
darkness_O: It's no use. The old Hamsuke is lost to us!
banil: Even I wouldn't have guessed a little bit of bubbly would affect a monster from another world so. 
megumin: My explosion magic should bring her back, just you—
ainz: Wait, are you trying to blow Hamsuke to pieces? 
ainz: You should tread more carefully with your explosion magic. 
kazuma_O: Finally! Someone else who speaks some 
kazuma_O: common sense around here. 
ainz: I-I will take that as a compliment. Please, step back, everyone. 
ainz: I shall handle this myself.
hamusuke: Quit your yapping already! Those who trespass in my turf will be shown no mercy, that they will!
ainz: You're in high spirits, old friend. Very well... It's time for... 
ainz: Despair Aura!!!
hamusuke: Ngh...?! 
hamusuke: Ughhh...
megumin: Oh, you made me faint without even touching you!
darkness_O: Is she okay? I think he knocked her out cold.
albedo: She's fine, don't worry. Hamsuke! Wake up! 
hamusuke: Unghhh... 
hamusuke: Huh?! Where am I?! I was drinking some bubbly, that I was. And then...
albedo: You should get on all four knees right now and beg Lord Ainz for forgiveness for attempting a coup against him! 
albedo: You deserve death for such an act!
hamusuke: A c-coup?! That can't be, that it can't!
darkness_O: You don't remember anything?
albedo: To her credit, I've never seen her so...intoxicated. 
kazuma_O: We all do things we regret when we get drunk. 
hamusuke: Drunk, you say... 
hamusuke: Yes! Correct, that you are!
hamusuke: I recall drinking the bubbly until my stomach was filled, that I did! I must offer my sincerest apologies, my lord.
shalltear: That does not change the fact you are guilty of treason. 
shalltear: Lord Ainz, allow me to personally supervise the execution.
hamusuke: B-B-But...
ainz: Hah... Do not fret. Let us chalk this incident up to an unforeseen accident and just be thankful Hamsuke is safe. 
ainz: It would be a shame for the night's festivities to end on such a somber note.
shalltear: Lord Ainz...
albedo: Yes, once again... 
albedo: Our lord and master honors us with his infinite mercy!
ainz: We have Kazuma and his friends to thank too. Let us return and resume our soiree. 
ainz: Perhaps with less bubbly, however. 
megumin: For the record, I could've obliterated those veggies with one blast of explosion magic! 
kazuma_O: Hey, don't take out all your anger on us, okay? 
kazuma_O: Let's just celebrate that it all ended well. 
megumin: And another thing, what about my outfit? 
megumin: You promised me I could wear that Ainz costume!
darkness_O: I don't think Aqua is in any state to be sewing right now.
aqua: Zzz... 
aqua: What are you looking at? I'm a goddess, I'll have you know... 
aqua: I demand you bring me more bubbly...
megumin: First, you guys won't let me drink, 
megumin: and then my explosion magic is scorned, and now I don't even get to wear the outfit I asked for! 
megumin: I-I hate you guys! This isn't fair! Kazuma, take it all off right now! NOW! 
kazuma_O: W-Wait a second! Hey! Get off me! 
kazuma_O: Noooooo!
banil: *Sigh* It looks like someone needs my help. 
megumin: R-Really? You'll make me one? 
kazuma_O: Please, Vanir. She's never going to let this go. 
kazuma_O: And Aqua's asleep so there's no better time. 
banil: Why of course. I must admit I'm intrigued by your demon friends from another world. 
banil: Maybe I can learn something.
albedo: Halt! I trust this man just about as far 
albedo: as Kazuma would be able to throw him. 
banil: The lady wounds me. I only seek to deepen my bond with you visitors from another world. Perhaps this will convince you?
ainz: ...
shalltear: Hmph. Lord Ainz could never be bought with a mere—
ainz: Ah, I can see that this is no ordinary doll... It seems to operate autonomously, too. How rare indeed...
shalltear: L-Lord Ainz?! 
banil: You have impeccable taste, my lucky friend! That item can only be found at our pitiful shopkeeper's establishment.
ainz: ...Then I am honored. I shall gladly accept it.
ainz: Wow, I've never seen a rare item like this in YGGDRASIL. It was totally worth coming to this world just to get this.
albedo: And may I say it adds to your infinite charm, my lord!
megumin: Vanir! What about me?! 
banil: Patience, little one. Stand still right there. 
banil: Would the same dress that woman is wearing suffice? 
megumin: Yes! Yes it definitely, absolutely suffices! 
ainz: I wonder what other magical relics this world holds. I would like to take another look around the shop.
banil: By all means! I'd be happy to escort yo—
megumin: Forget about that already! You've got clothes to make! 
megumin: C'mon Vanir! Hurry! 
ナレーション: And so the two groups kept up their cultural exchange until Ainz and the others could return home.
