A Hammer to the Heart on This Sweet Valentine's! P4
darkness_valentine: I-It's done! 
darkness_valentine: It's finally finished!
aqua: Congratulations, Darkness! 
aqua: I was worried when it looked like a big clump of mud at first, but you pulled it off!
megumin: Yeah, this wouldn't look out of place on a store shelf! It's a proper chocolate cake!
erica_valentine: Ahhh, it's super-duper cute! 
erica_valentine: I almost don't want to eat it!
komekko_valentine: It sure looks yummy! *Drool*
lean_valentine: Komekko, please step away from the cake.
darkness_valentine: If I'd tried to make this by myself, I probably never would have finished. 
darkness_valentine: You all made this possible! Thanks so much!
lean_valentine: We might have given you advice, but you did all the work, Darkness.
erica_valentine: Yeah, Rin and I started a different recipe midway through.
komekko_valentine: What did you make?!
erica_valentine: Hehehe. Cake is good too, but these turned out great! 
erica_valentine: Feast your eyes upon our ultra-cute chocolate cookies!
aqua: Oh, that looks delicious! 
aqua: You went a bit overboard with the decorations, but it's very artistic, too!
lean_valentine: Hehe! Thank you! 
lean_valentine: You and Megumin joined midway and made something too, right?
aqua: Ta-da! Here it is!
komekko_valentine: Truffles! 
komekko_valentine: They look yummy! *Drool*
megumin: They do, don't they? Plus, one out of every three of these truffles 
megumin: explodes!
lean_valentine: Oh? That's a nice little twist, making them explo— 
lean_valentine: Wait, what?
megumin: Well, that's what I wanted them to do, but I lacked the skill to pull it off. 
megumin: Maybe next time, after more study!
lean_valentine: Um, I feel like I should pray you never manage it...
erica_valentine: Oh! I almost forgot! 
erica_valentine: I brought these for everyone, too!
aqua: You brought boxes to put the sweets in? How thoughtful of you!
erica_valentine: I have bags and ribbons too! 
erica_valentine: I searched far and wide to find the cutest ones in town!
lean_valentine: Hehe, now they're really starting to look like proper gifts! 
lean_valentine: I hope they make everyone happy...
megumin: Of course they will! Kazuma was sulking about not getting any chocolate, 
megumin: but this is sure to cheer even him up.
komekko_valentine: Hey, shouldn't we check the flavor?
darkness_valentine: Y-You're right! 
darkness_valentine: They look great, but we should make sure they taste good too. 
darkness_valentine: Can you help check mine, Komekko?
komekko_valentine: Yaaay! Of course!
mitsurugi: Lady Aqua?! 
mitsurugi: I heard Lady Aqua was calling for me, so I came running at once!
darkness_valentine: You're always so dramatic. There wasn't any hurry. 
darkness_valentine: Here, this is a gift for you. Please accept it.
mitsurugi: A gift? Could it be...
komekko_valentine: We all made chocolates together! I can vouch for the flavor.
aqua: Thanks for always working so hard to defeat monsters and the Devil King's army! 
aqua: You're always taking care of us one way or another, so this gift is a token of our appreciation, 
aqua: Mutsu...? Katsura...? 
aqua: Umm...
aqua: Cursed Sword Guy!
mitsurugi: Uh... Um...
mitsurugi: Lady Aqua!!! 
mitsurugi: Chocolates from Lady Aqua?! Heaven has smiled upon me! 
mitsurugi: Thank you! I shall treasure them...
mitsurugi: until the day I die!
lean_valentine: Here, I hope you like them. There's a lot, so feel free to share. Thanks for everything you do!
luna: Oh, wow! For me?! In that case, let's exchange! 
luna: Here are some that I made!
erica_valentine: Here, Cielo. And these are for Lia. 
erica_valentine: Thank you both for everything! I'm so glad we're friends!
cielo: I should be the one thanking you, Erika! 
cielo: I'm so happy!
lia: Amazing! These are handmade?! 
lia: I can't accept such a lovely gift without reciprocating.
lia: Just wait for White Day!
erica_valentine: Hehe, I'm looking forward to it! 
erica_valentine: And please make it ten times as cute too!
chris: Hey, Darkness! This is unusual, you never call for me. 
chris: Is something wrong?
darkness_valentine: Chris! Thanks for coming! 
darkness_valentine: Nothing is wrong. I just wanted to say thanks for all you do. Here, please have this.
chris: Wow! Chocolate cake! Wait, don't tell me... Did you make this by hand?!
darkness_valentine: Yes, with the help of the others. 
darkness_valentine: Just be careful not to let you-know-who steal it.
chris: I'm sure it will be fine. 
chris: Oh, speaking of Kazuma...
chris: I heard a rumor that some guys who didn't get chocolates are bothering couples around town out of spite. 
chris: Could it be...
aqua: No way! Just because he's upset doesn't mean Kazuma would... 
aqua: Or would he?
megumin: It's not...impossible.
chris: I was hoping you'd vouch for him...
erica_valentine: Speaking of Kazuma, he still hasn't shown up.
lean_valentine: Yeah, and I haven't seen Dust either...
luna: The two of them left for the Primeval Cacao Forest, I think. They asked me where to find it earlier.
megumin: The Primeval Cacao Forest? That sounds really suspicious. 
megumin: Why would they go there?
luna: They both looked quite concerned about something. 
luna: There are some very powerful monsters in the Primeval Cacao Forest, so I'm a bit worried.
aqua: Why would Kazuma and Dust go to such a place? Any ideas?
erica_valentine: Well, it IS Valentine's Day. Since it's cacao, it must have something to do with chocolate, right?
lean_valentine: Sheesh. They just couldn't wait. 
lean_valentine: If they'd stuck around for just a bit longer, they'd have gotten chocolates from us.
erica_valentine: If it's that dangerous... 
erica_valentine: We'll just have to go after them!
