A Hammer to the Heart on This Sweet Valentine's! P3
aqua: Ta-da! I made everyone pastry chef uniforms! What do you think?
aqua: Your usual clothes were covered in chocolate, and changing outfits can really turn your mood around!
darkness_valentine: Thank you, Aqua. But I'm clumsy and failure-prone. 
darkness_valentine: Changing clothes probably won't help me much.
lean_valentine: Looking the part is a great first step towards pulling something off. High spirits might help things go better.
erica_valentine: These outfits are so cute! 
erica_valentine: And I'm so cute too! 
erica_valentine: The synergy is producing dangerous levels of cuteness!
megumin: How about yours, Komekko? Does it fit?
komekko_valentine: It does. 
komekko_valentine: I'm Komekko! Maker of chocolates, and soon to be the devourer of said chocolates!
erica_valentine: Oh! K-Komekko is cute too! What is this feeling? 
erica_valentine: Is this...
erica_valentine: what a rivalry is like?!
lean_valentine: Don't make a rival out of a little girl. 
lean_valentine: Besides, we need to work together right now.
darkness_valentine: Yes, let's all four work together to create amazing sweets!
Kazuma, Rin, Erika: Yeah!
lean_valentine: There! It's done! Do you think this will work?
megumin: You made cookie cutters?! They turned out really well!
aqua: Rin, you're more skilled with your hands than I expected. You might just have some hidden artistic talent.
lean_valentine: I'm not sure if I should be flattered or not.
erica_valentine: Hey, look at this!
aqua: It's glossy and cute! Just what I'd expect from you!
erica_valentine: Right?! It has nuts, fruit, and crunchy chocolate clusters! It's not just cute—the flavors go great together too!
megumin: The vivid colors suit you, Erika.
darkness_valentine: Rin, Erika, you're both amazing! Wh-What should I be doing?
erica_valentine: Umm, you can start by giving me a hand. Do you think you can roll out the cookie dough?
darkness_valentine: Sure! Leave it to me!
lean_valentine: Thanks. Once the cookies start baking, we'll help you with yours too, Darkness.
aqua: And what are you doing, Komekko?
komekko_valentine: Nothing at all. Now that Darkness has stopped failing, 
komekko_valentine: I'm getting hungry...
lean_valentine: Hahaha. That's a good problem to have. 
lean_valentine: Wait just a bit longer and you'll get to taste the finished product.
komekko_valentine: Really?! I'm looking forward to it!
megumin: The four of them sure seem to be having fun. 
megumin: Feels like I'm missing out just standing here watching.
aqua: Me too. I told Kazuma I wouldn't make anything this year, 
aqua: but now I'm getting the itch to create something!
megumin: Yeah! 
megumin: Even without a pastry chef uniform, I'm getting really fired up! 
megumin: Time to blow up the kitchen!
dust: *Pant pant* 
dust: Damn these Valentine's Day fanatics! 
dust: No matter how many we chase away, they just keep coming, like the undead!
kazuma: Wait...Dust, what's gotten into us?
dust: Come on, Buddy, don't start being rational about this now!
kazuma: But no matter how hard we try, the lovebirds are determined to enjoy each other's company...
kazuma: It's meaningless...
dust: No! I refuse to accept reality! 
dust: Damn it! This is all because this world has chocolate! That's the only possible reason!
kazuma: If there were no chocolate... 
kazuma: That's it! Yes!
dust: What is it? Your eyes suddenly lit up.
kazuma: It's just like you said, Dust! We can't possibly succeed if we only try to break up one couple at a time.
kazuma: In that case, we'll just have to get rid of this cursed holiday itself! We'll eliminate Valentine's Day!
dust: Huh? Aren't you the one who started it in this world? Is that okay?
kazuma: What's the point of Valentine's if I don't get chocolates. 
kazuma: I say we bring it crashing down!
dust: Haha! That's my man! So how do we accomplish that?
kazuma: We strike at the root of it! Prevent this town from getting the materials it needs to make chocolate!
dust: Materials? 
dust: Aha! You mean the cocoa that comes from cacao trees!
kazuma: Bingo! Listen... First, we head to where it's produced. Then we destroy all the cacao so no one can make chocolate!
dust: K-Kazuma... You're a fiend... 
dust: No, you're a genius!
kazuma: There's no time to waste. Quick! Let's go!
dust: Yeah! We'll make ourselves a brighter future!
