luna: Mitsurugi, thank you for helping to eliminate so many monsters.
mitsurugi: Oh, it was nothing. As the wielder of the cursed sword Gram, it's my duty to protect people...
Adventurer: Wow, you look so heroic. Would you happen to be the famed...
mitsurugi: Indeed. I am wielder of the cursed sword, the heroic Mi—
Adventurer: You're the famous adventurer Kazuma Satou, aren't you?!
mitsurugi: Huh?
Adventurer: That must be Chunchunmaru strapped to your back! I can't imagine what it was like crossing blades with so many of the Devil King's generals!
mitsurugi: Y-You're mistaken! 
mitsurugi: My name is Mitsurugi! And this is the cursed sword Gram.
Adventurer: You're not Kazuma Satou? Ugh! I came all the way to Axel for an autograph!
mitsurugi: Uhh...
luna: We've started getting people like that from time to time. 
luna: Kazuma and his party have become quite famous recently.
mitsurugi: That's to be expected since he's teamed up with Lady Aqua.
mitsurugi: But Lady Aqua is counting on me. I would be letting her down if I let Kazuma Satou take the spotlight.
luna: I-I'm not sure... 
luna: Oh? Speak of the devil.
kazuma: Hey there, Miss Luna. Got any good quests for me today? 
kazuma: Preferably something easy with a big payoff.
mitsurugi: Hey, you! Kazuma Satou!
kazuma: Oh, it's you... 
kazuma: Drinksugi? No, wait. 
kazuma: Eatsugi?
mitsurugi: You know my name has nothing to do with eating! 
mitsurugi: Stop fooling around! It's time to prove who the real hero is!
kazuma: Huh? No thanks. 
kazuma: Where did that come from, anyway?
luna: He doesn't seem very happy about your recent rise to fame around here.
kazuma: Honestly, who cares about that stuff?
mitsurugi: Who doesn't?! 
mitsurugi: I aspire to be a true hero—wielder of a cursed sword and worthy of Lady Aqua's trust!
kazuma: Don't worry, your heroism is quite impressive! 
kazuma: I'm just some hopelessly weak adventurer. I can't compete with you!
kazuma: Now, then... If there are no quests, I'm heading home to enjoy some bubbly.
mitsurugi: Wait! I won't let you leave until you accept my challenge!
kazuma: This guy sure is annoying... 
kazuma: Miss, can you please do something about Mr. Hero here?
luna: Huh?! What am I supposed to do? 
luna: Oh! I do have an idea, actually.
Kazuma, Mitsurugi: An idea?
luna: Why don't you accept this Mega Slime kill quest together? 
luna: Whoever defeats the enemy first will be declared the greater hero.
mitsurugi: I like that. Let's do it!
luna: Fighting alongside Mitsurugi works out in your favor too, Kazuma. 
luna: The quest will be easy and you'll still get paid.
kazuma: Hmm, I don't really like the idea of teaming up with him... 
kazuma: But if it means easy money, then why not?
kazuma: All right, I'm counting on you to do your best.
mitsurugi: This is a competition, you know. You better do your best too! 
mitsurugi: Come on, put your game face on!
lia: You asked me to come along since we were all reincarnated...
lia: but you didn't tell me this would be a competition.
mitsurugi: We needed a witness. 
mitsurugi: Sorry for the trouble, Lia. 
mitsurugi: If you get tired, just let me know.
lia: It's fine. And thanks. I'll do that.
kazuma: You're so kind, just as expected from the wielder of a cursed sword.
mitsurugi: It is only natural to take Lia's welfare into account. After all, we pulled her into our personal matter.
kazuma: Aqua and the others always avoid him so I forgot that he acted like this. 
kazuma: And girls seem to like him for some reason too. 
kazuma: He even has fangirls. Hmph. I'm starting to get annoyed.
lia: Kazuma! You're spacing out!
kazuma: Hm? 
kazuma: Sorry, I was just thinking about something.
lia: What? 
lia: This isn't the time for that! Look in front of you!
Mega Slime: Gluuurrrggghhh...
mitsurugi: It's the Mega Slime! That means it's time to get serious. 
mitsurugi: Kazuma Satou, whoever defeats this monster is the winner!
kazuma: Good! I've just decided I don't want to lose to you! 
kazuma: Rrraaaaaahhh!
mitsurugi: Looks like your heart's finally in this! 
mitsurugi: But why did you get so angry all of a sudden?
