What's Been Stolen? P2
Lady Golem: Rrraaaaaagh...
chris: We stopped it! You're up, Megumin!
megumin: It's finally my turn! In that case...
megumin: Explosion!
Lady Golem: Rrraaaaaaggghhh!
kazuma: Looks like we defeated it. 
kazuma: Nice work, Megumin and Chris.
megumin: I...can't move. 
megumin: I'll leave the treasure hunt...in your hands...
kazuma: Sure! You can count on me!
chris: Umm, Kazuma, can I have my panties back now? 
chris: I could hardly focus on the fight.
kazuma: Oh, I almost forgot! 
kazuma: But first, isn't there something you wanted to say?
chris: I'm sorry for trying to get a head start! Now, please, give me back my panties!
kazuma: There doesn't seem to be very many monsters here. We should be able to focus on the treasure hunt!
aqua: Oh! I found something! The beautiful translucence must mean they're rare gems!
aqua: And look! They're all over the place!
darkness: Umm, Aqua, I think that's just regular glass.
kazuma: Shhh. Let her distract herself so she doesn't cause any trouble. Let sleeping goddesses lie, or something like that.
chris: Oh! What's this?!
kazuma: Did you find something? 
kazuma: Whoa! Now that's what I call a gem!
chris: This makes all the trouble of getting here worth it! 
chris: Now I just need to get it back to the guild and—
kazuma: Wait. 
kazuma: Don't tell me you plan on keeping that for yourself.
chris: Umm... Is there something you want to say?
kazuma: Aren't we supposed to divide treasure up equally?
chris: I'm not giving this up! We each get to keep the treasure we find! That was the plan from the start!
kazuma: You didn't learn anything from what happened earlier, did you? You're as bad as Aqua.
chris: Please don't compare me to Aqua in that context!
kazuma: Fine! 
kazuma: We'll decide this fair-and-square, using rock-paper-scissors.
chris: You're an adventurer. Why don't you try to take it by force?
kazuma: ...If you say so. I'll just take it by force, then.
chris: Huh? I feel like we had this same exchange earlier. 
chris: Wait, does that mean you're about to...
kazuma: Bingo! For the second time today, STEAL!
chris: Ugh! Not again! 
chris: Hm? I still have the gem. 
chris: That must mean...
kazuma: Are you looking for...this garment?
chris: Why is it always my panties?!
darkness: Having your underwear stolen twice in one day—how embarrassing! 
darkness: I'm so jealous, Chris!
chris: Jealous of what?! I can't believe my panties keep getting stolen... 
chris: I'm starting to doubt my ability as a thief. 
chris: I don't know if I can go on like this...
kazuma: Huh? Umm, Chris? Are you actually feeling down on yourself?
chris: *Sigh*
kazuma: Eek! I went too far! I'm sorry! 
kazuma: Come on, Chris, I'll give your panties back, so cheer up!
chris: *Sniff* That's not enough...
kazuma: F-Fine! Dinner is on me tonight! You can order whatever you like!
chris: Really?
kazuma: Yeah, really! 
kazuma: So don't say you'll give up on being a thief!
chris: All right. 
chris: I was at fault too, so I'll treat everyone to some bubbly!
aqua: That's our Chris! When we get back, it's party time!
ナレーション: The group returned home and partied all through the night.
