Young Woman: I made these especially for you! Please accept them!
Young Man: Huh? F-For me? Really?!
megumin: Looks like it's happening again this year.
darkness: After Kazuma popularized Valentine's Day last year, the townspeople have been looking forward to doing it again.
kazuma: Blech! Everyone's acting all lovey-dovey!
aqua: Oh? Could it be that you're upset we didn't give you any chocolates this time?
kazuma: ...That has nothing to do with it.
aqua: Didn't you say that you didn't need any chocolates this year, 
aqua: since you ate so many last year you felt sick?
kazuma: That's just something you say to be polite! 
kazuma: I never thought you'd all take it seriou— Ouch!
kazuma: 　
mitsurugi: Oh! My apologies. I'm having a hard time seeing where I'm... 
mitsurugi: Oh, it's just you, Kazuma Satou.
megumin: I didn't expect to see you here. What's with that pile of boxes you're carrying?
mitsurugi: Chocolates. These are from Fio and these are from Clemea. They made them just for me.
mitsurugi: This one is from a part-timer at the guild. 
mitsurugi: And these are from a mom and her little girl at the market over there. This one—
kazuma: That's enough! We don't need to know them all.
megumin: You should get going. 
megumin: Otherwise, someone is likely to use Steal on your chocolates out of spite.
mitsurugi: Wha?!
kazuma: No way! Even I wouldn't go that far. 
kazuma: Hey, I'm serious.
komekko: Oh, Sis! Let's play!
megumin: Komekko?! How did you end up all the way here in Axel?
komekko: Yunyun brought me.
aqua: Hey, Komekko! 
aqua: Oh? What's in that paper bag? Don't tell me you brought us presents!
komekko: No, it's some chocolates someone gave me. But I guess I can give one to you.
aqua: Really? If you say so, then I'll gladly accept!
megumin: That reminds me, I've seen quite a few girls giving chocolates to each other as friends, too.
darkness: They call those friendship chocolates.
komekko: I'll share one with you too, Kazuma, so cheer up.
kazuma: Th-Thanks! 
kazuma: I never thought I'd be getting chocolate from such a young kid.
megumin: If you don't want it, then give it back to her. That's chocolate she received as a gift.
komekko: It's okay. Someone else will just give me more. 
komekko: It just keeps pouring in, even though I haven't asked for any.
kazuma: What a thing to say! Her popularity is frightening!
luna: Here you go. Have some chocolates.
Male Adventurer: Really?! Are you sure?
luna: We're handing it out to all active adventurers. 
luna: In return, you can defeat a murder bear for me!
Male Adventurer: Woohoo! My day just got a heck of a lot better! I'll be back later!
darkness: Even the guild is getting into the Valentine's mood, handing out chocolates like that.
aqua: We might as well get some too. 
aqua: If they're free, we should take some!
dust: Forget 
dust: about it. Asking for some is pointless.
kazuma: Oh, hey Dust. Why do you say it's pointless?
dust: It's limited to adventurers who have accepted quests... 
dust: That's the only way to get guild chocolates. What a farce!
kazuma: So they're using chocolate to lure people into accepting tedious quests?
kazuma: That's downright dirty.
megumin: If you look at it the other way around, this could be your chance.
megumin: Accept a quest and you're guaranteed chocolate!
luna: Exactly! Mr. Satou, please take this opportunity to accept a quest. 
luna: I recommend this one!
kazuma: What is it? Hunting snow sprites? 
kazuma: Wait, this is the one with the Winter Shogun, isn't it?! No way! I'll get killed!
luna: But, Mr. Satou... 
luna: Don't you want some chocolates?
kazuma: Dammit! You're all mocking me! 
kazuma: I've made up my mind! I'm going to be anti-Valentine's Day from now on!
dust: I'm with you, Kazuma! 
dust: You heard him! We won't fall for your chocolaty tricks! No chance!
dust: Let's get out of here, pal! Our bromance is all we need.
kazuma: You're right. We can sip on some delicious bubbly and chat. Just the two of us.
komekko: They ran off...
darkness: Sheesh. If they want chocolates, they should just say so. 
darkness: Fine. I guess I'll help resolve this.
aqua: You will?
darkness: Kazuma does look out for us all the time, after all. 
darkness: Luna, can you teach me how to make homemade chocolates?
luna: Sure, I don't mind. 
luna: But could it be that you... 
luna: Ah, the excitement of youth!
darkness: Wh-Why are you looking at me like that?!
luna: Yes! Yes, I understand! I would be happy to teach you! 
luna: Please give it your all!
darkness: I feel like there's a hidden meaning there...
darkness: Well. 
darkness: I'm not great with my hands so be patient with me.
