Mega Slime P2
Mega Slime: Gluurrgghh...
lia: We've weakened the slime! Now finish it off!
mitsurugi: You must be getting tired, Kazuma Satou. 
mitsurugi: You can just relax and leave the rest to me.
kazuma: I don't think so! Create Water! 
kazuma: Freeze!
mitsurugi: Wha?! My feet are frozen to the ground! I can't move...! 
mitsurugi: Why do you always resort to cowardly tactics?!
Mega Slime: Gluurrgghh...
lia: H-Hey! The slime is getting away! 
lia: I don't care which of you does it, but someone finish it off quick!
mitsurugi: You're unbelievable! First you weren't interested, and then suddenly you're all fired up. 
mitsurugi: What's your deal?!
kazuma: That's what I want to ask you! You're so smarmy waving your sword around 
kazuma: and yet you still have a bunch of fangirls!
kazuma: Any guy who gets popular by putting on a fake face is my sworn enemy!
lia: What are you two doing?! This isn't the time for petty arguments! 
lia: You need to focus on defeating the slime first!
mitsurugi: Kazuma Satou! Hurry up and melt this ice! 
mitsurugi: There's no way you can finish the slime off on your own, right?!
kazuma: I refuse! We can just both lose!
lia: Hyah!
Mega Slime: Gluurrgghh...
kazuma: Noooo! My slime! I was going to kill it!
mitsurugi: Wh-Why did you kill it? You're supposed to be an impartial witness!
lia: I've had enough of you two! What adventurers just ignore a monster 
lia: so they can quarrel with each?!
Kazuma, Mitsurugi: Uhh...
lia: You both lose! Now reflect on your behavior!
Kazuma, Mitsurugi: I-I'm sorry...
lia: Sheesh. Can't you just try to get along? 
lia: You've been avoiding looking at each other this whole time.
kazuma: I've been trying, but he keeps looking away! 
kazuma: What am I supposed to do?
mitsurugi: Y-You really are... 
mitsurugi: No, never mind. 
mitsurugi: I need to be more patient. That's what I've learned from this ordeal.
kazuma: Yeah, agreed! And I'll follow your example... 
kazuma: Morisugi.
mitsurugi: My name is Mitsurugi! 
mitsurugi: You're doing that on purpose, aren't you? Aren't you?!
lia: Okay, stop there. Patience. Patience!
mitsurugi: Oh, right. It's easy to calm down when you're around, Lia. 
mitsurugi: Thanks for coming along today.
lia: Hm? Oh, uhh, sure. No problem...
lia: but aren't you standing a bit too close?
mitsurugi: Lia, would you like to join my party?
mitsurugi: We can defeat the Devil King together! Of course, I'll keep you safe. I'd protect you at all costs.
lia: Umm, I appreciate the offer, but I'm going to have to pass.
mitsurugi: Are you worried about your gear? Don't be. I'll order you some premium gear so you fit in with my party.
lia: My gear is fine. Anyway, why are we talking about this in the middle of the roa—
Townsperson A: Oh, what's this? Someone's proposing in the road!
Townsperson B: Isn't she a member of Axel Hearts? This is some really juicy news!
lia: See! People are getting the wrong idea! Please stop!
mitsurugi: Are you just being shy? There's no need for that. 
mitsurugi: Come now, join me on my quest!
lia: Why are you so persistent?! 
lia: Can't you see people are staring at us?! Just drop it already!
mitsurugi: Huh? Lia? 
mitsurugi: Wh-What just happened?!
kazuma: That was clearly your fault.
mitsurugi: Wait, Lia! I'll give you a life that'll fulfill your every desire!
kazuma: I guess Aqua isn't the only person who finds this guy overbearing.
kazuma: Maybe he isn't as popular as I thought.
ナレーション: Afterward, Mitsurugi gained notoriety in Axel as the guy who pestered an Axel Hearts dancer.
