A Hammer to the Heart on This Sweet Valentine's! P6
Cocoa Elder Treant: COCOAAA!!!
lean_valentine: Make sure to dodge this, you two! 
lean_valentine: Fireball!
Cocoa Elder Treant: Cacao...
kazuma: Y-You're a lifesaver!
dust: I owe you one, Rin!
erica_valentine: Look! The Elder Treant's branches are melting!
darkness_valentine: And something smells sweet, too!
aqua: It smells just like chocolate!
aqua: Whatever's happening, the treant's movements seem to be slowing down!
megumin: Hahaha! Now's our chance to strike! 
megumin: Taste the power of my explosion magic... 
megumin: EXPLOSION!!!
Cocoa Elder Treant: C-Cocoa...
darkness_valentine: Looks like we've defeated it. 
darkness_valentine: Is everyone okay?
aqua: Yes, we're fine. 
aqua: Huh? What was that? I thought I felt something land on me.
lean_valentine: Hm? I felt it too.
megumin: What?! Look up!
erica_valentine: Cocoa is falling from the sky! 
erica_valentine: It's raining cocoa!
erica_valentine: This is our spoils for defeating the treant!
megumin: Incredible! With this much cocoa, 
megumin: we can make as much chocolate as we want!
kazuma: That sounds great! 
dust: We defeated the monster and got a ton of cocoa! I guess that means our ordeal is... 
dust: Huh?!
kazuma: Hm? What is it, Dust?
dust: I can't believe we almost forgot! Think, Brother! 
dust: Why did we come all this way?!
kazuma: Oh yeah! We came to this forest to take all the cocoa and 
kazuma: put an end to that wretched Valentine's Day!
aqua: Um, are you two being serious right now?
kazuma: Shut up! I basically invented Valentine's Day in this world and no one even gave me chocolates! 
kazuma: It's heartbreaking! 
kazuma: None of you would understand!
dust: Yeah! Having to see all those lovey-dovey couples around town! 
dust: You have no idea how miserable we felt!
kazuma: Dammit! You know what, I hate chocolate! 
dust: Yeah! We should do away with Valentine's Day!
darkness_valentine: I see. That's too bad. You know, we actually brought these for you, 
darkness_valentine: but if you're too busy resenting other people's happiness to see what's out there for you...
dust: Huh? What's that in your hands? Could it be...
lean_valentine: They're sweets. For you two. 
lean_valentine: But I guess you don't want them, since you hate chocolate. 
megumin: They brought them all this way just for you. 
megumin: It's so unfortunate that you want to ruin Valentine's Day for everyone.
aqua: Yeah. Since you hate chocolate, 
aqua: we'll just have to eat them for you.
erica_valentine: Eek! They never get any less cute! 
erica_valentine: This is gonna be fun! 
erica_valentine: Let's dig in!
Kazuma, Dust: Please 
Kazuma, Dust: forgive us! We were wrong to try to make everyone unhappy just because we were! 
megumin: That is some first rate groveling there, you two.
lean_valentine: To think how much you two were just complaining. You can be so self-centered.
darkness_valentine: Well, since you're sorry. Here, Kazuma. This is a token of my appreciation for everything you do for us. Please accept it.
lean_valentine: This one's for you, Dust. 
lean_valentine: We're party members, after all. 
lean_valentine: Even if you insist on behaving like a fool.
dust: Rin! Thank you! 
dust: You always make me feel like a winner!
kazuma: Darkness! 
kazuma: Thank you so much! Thank you so much!
Everyone: Cheers!
aqua: *Glug glug glug* 
aqua: Ah!
aqua: This is my first time trying chocolate bubbly!
darkness_valentine: Me too. I was skeptical until I tried it, but sweet bubbly 
darkness_valentine: could be nice every now and then.
megumin: Aqua, Darkness, the bubbly is good, but please eat some of 
megumin: the extra sweets we made, too.
lean_valentine: We scored so much cocoa that we got carried away.
erica_valentine: Chocolate ganache, chocolate pudding, and chocolate cake! 
erica_valentine: It's too much! The table is covered in cuteness!
komekko_valentine: *Munch munch* 
komekko_valentine: Yummy! *Munch munch*
dust: So much sweet stuff makes me wish there were something salty to eat too...
lean_valentine: Don't be greedy. 
lean_valentine: If you don't like the sweets... 
lean_valentine: We just won't give you any next year.
kazuma: H-Hey, Dust! Watch your attitude! 
kazuma: We're finally getting to enjoy Valentine's Day. Don't ruin it!
luna: You all seem to be enjoying yourselves!
kazuma: Oh, hey Miss Luna. Did you finish your shift? 
luna: No, I'm just stopping by to thank everyone for the chocolates they gave me.
luna: ...Hmm. You know, just between the two of us, 
luna: the chocolates Darkness gave you are bigger than the ones she made for everyone else.
kazuma: You think so? That's strange... 
kazuma: Now that you mention it, it does seem that way...
luna: Doesn't it? Don't you wonder why?
kazuma: How in the world would I know?
luna: Hehe. Maybe next year you'll put yourself out there instead of missing the forest for the trees. 
luna: That's part of the fun of Valentine's Day, after all!
kazuma: Hey, wait a second! You're just going to leave?!
luna: Hehe. Have fun figuring it out!
kazuma: What is this? I'm not some some oblivious anime protagonist! 
kazuma: ...Am I? 
kazuma: No way! 
kazuma: ...But what could she mean?
aqua: Hey, Kazuma! If you don't get over here quick, Komekko is going to eat all the chocolate cake!
kazuma: Hey, wait! I was saving the chocolate cake for last!
megumin: Can I have this chocolate pudding then?
kazuma: No, that's mine too! Just how much do you plan on eating?!
ナレーション: Surrounded by a feast of chocolate dishes, everyone enjoyed a spirited Valentine's Day evening.
