A Hammer to the Heart on This Sweet Valentine's! P5
ナレーション: Intent on destroying Valentine's Day by striking at its very roots, Kazuma and Dust arrived at the Primeval Cacao Forest.
Kazuma, Dust: Torment those couples! Steal their cocoa!
dust: Hey... Brother, we don't sound like a certain group of religious zealots, do we?
kazuma: We're nothing like those crazies. 
kazuma: We'll hunt down all the cocoa and eliminate chocolate 
kazuma: from this world! 
kazuma: We'll create an ideal world without Valentine's Day!
dust: An ideal world without Valentine's Day?
dust: Ha! I love it! 
dust: Forgive me for comparing us to the Order of Axis! We're far more rational!
kazuma: It's fine. We're going to create a kind world, 
kazuma: where nobody will ever feel hurt!
？？？: COCOA!
kazuma: Wow, Dust, how are you making that voice? That almost sounded like it was coming 
kazuma: from—
dust: Huh? I didn't say anything.
dust: Um, Kazuma? What's wrong? You look scared stiff.
kazuma: B-B-B-Behind you!
？？？: COCOA!!!
aqua: Oh? You both brought chocolates?
darkness_valentine: J-Just in case! Kazuma might still be sulking. This way, I can give it to him immediately.
lean_valentine: I wanted to give mine to Dust right away too! 
lean_valentine: Otherwise, he might start bothering other couples again...
erica_valentine: Yeah, it's easy to imagine that happening.
lean_valentine: Right? He can be a real jerk sometimes! 
lean_valentine: Plus, I already gave some to Keith and Taylor. I can't leave one party member out. 
lean_valentine: Right? I'm just being friendly.
erica_valentine: What about you, Darkness?
darkness_valentine: Wh-What about me?
erica_valentine: You know what I mean! I'm asking if your chocolates are sweetened with romantic feelings.
darkness_valentine: Romantic feelings?! N-No... I just... 
darkness_valentine: Th-They're just a token of appreciation for everything he does for us. 
darkness_valentine: That's all!
lean_valentine: Really? Unlike Dust, Kazuma actually has a few redeeming qualities, 
lean_valentine: so I thought maybe...there might be more to it.
erica_valentine: Rin's right. You can count on Kazuma to come through when it really matters.
komekko_valentine: Hey, Sis, are friendly and romantic chocolates both yummy?
megumin: Of course. They're both chocolates, after all. 
megumin: You won't know which kind they are until you receive them, though. 
megumin: Right, Darkness?
darkness_valentine: M-M-M-Megumin?!
aqua: Hmm? Your face just turned bright red, Darkness.
？？？: GYAAAAAAGGGHHHHHH!!!
aqua: Did you hear that?!
darkness_valentine: That was Kazuma! Let's hurry!
？？？: COCOA! *Munch munch*
aqua: Kazuma and Dust have been captured by a tree monster!
lean_valentine: Could that monster be...
erica_valentine: It's the monster that the guild receptionist told us about earlier! 
erica_valentine: It's a dangerous variety of Elder Treant called the Cocoa Elder Treant!
Cocoa Elder Treant: *Munch munch*
kazuma: GY
kazuma: AAAGHHH! 
kazuma: Damn it! All we wanted to do was to steal all the cocoa!
dust: We just wanted to put an end to Valentine's Day after being tormented by all the lovey-dovey couples around town! 
dust: Ow!
dust: 　
megumin: Ugh. Can we just leave them like that and head home?
aqua: Maybe we should. They weren't just upset over their own unhappiness. They wanted to eliminate the holiday and make everybody unhappy.
darkness_valentine: How selfish! How savage! That's our Kazuma!
lean_valentine: Um...why does that sound like a compliment?
Cocoa Elder Treant: COCOA! COCOA!
kazuma: A
kazuma: ghhh! Help us! Aqua! Megumin! Darkness!
dust: We'll 
dust: never bother another couple ever again! Rin! Please! 
dust: Ahhhhhh!
dust:  
erica_valentine: Their motives are anything but cute, but they'll be in real trouble if we don't do something! 
erica_valentine: Let's save them!
Cocoa Elder Treant: COCOAAA!
