ナレーション: Kazuma, Chris, and the others trekked toward some ruins, where treasure was reportedly waiting to be found.
chris: Sorry for asking you all to come with me. I didn't feel very confident about coming here alone.
darkness: You're always helping us out, so it's the least we could do.
megumin: It was a bit unexpected, though. I didn't think you were the type to worry about rummaging through old ruins.
chris: R-Really? Ahaha... 
chris: Despite appearances, I'm actually quite the scaredy-cat, you know.
kazuma: Something seems off. 
kazuma: I wonder...
kazuma: Hey, Chris. I want to make sure I understood you correctly. We each get to keep any treasure we find, right?
chris: Yup! That's right! That makes it more exciting, doesn't it?
aqua: You definitely know what we like! 
aqua: I'm going to claim every last bit of treasure in these ruins!
kazuma: That does get me fired up. In fact, I have the advantage! 
kazuma: My superior Luck stat is sure to help me find any treasure!
megumin: We're here. 
megumin: I can't use explosion magic inside the ruins, so this is going to be a bit boring.
？？？: Rrraaaaaagh!
megumin: Huh? Did anyone else hear that?
？？？: Rrraaaaaagh!
kazuma: Look! A golem is headed this way, it must have noticed us!
Lady Golem: Rrraaaaaagh!
chris: It must be trying to protect the ruins... 
chris: Kazuma! Stop that golem!
kazuma: On it! Bind!
darkness: Watch 
darkness: out! Ungh!
darkness: 　
kazuma: Wha?! You got caught in my Bind on purpose, didn't you?!
darkness: It was just my crusader instincts... 
darkness: M-More importantly, don't you think these binds are a little too loose?
kazuma: You idiot... 
kazuma: Sorry, Chris, my attempt to stop the golem failed because of her nonsense. Can you help me try aga—
chris: You've got this end covered. I'll leave the golem to you! I'm going to get a head start on the treasure hunt!
aqua: Huh?! She's leaving us behind!
kazuma: I thought she might do that! Hold the golem off while I stop Chris!
kazuma: Hey, Chris! I'm not letting you get a head start! Stop!
chris: I'm 
chris: afraid I can't do that! The only way to stop me is by force!
kazuma: ...If you say so. I'll just stop you by force, then.
chris: Seriously?! 
chris: L-Let's reconsider, shall we?
kazuma: Too late! Steal!
chris: My panties!
kazuma: What? Why is it panties again?! Oh, whatever! 
kazuma: Considering the circumstances, they'll do fine.
chris: It's not fine!
kazuma: Well, if you'd like me to give them back, 
kazuma: then you can give on your head start.
chris: That's cheap!
aqua: There's nothing cheap about it! 
aqua: You left us behind to deal with the golem while you got a head start!
chris: Th-That's true, but...
chris: whether someone finds treasure depends on the individual...
kazuma: Okay, enough excuses. 
kazuma: The choice is yours. Will you fight the golem, or will you go treasure hunting with no panties?
chris: Oh, fine! I'll fight! That's what you want, right? 
chris: Now give them back!
