Instakill Bear P2
lolisa_succubus: S-Stay away! 
lolisa_succubus: You should know I taste terrible!
Instakill Bear: Grraaarrr!
wiz: Miss Succubus!
Instakill Bear: Grrraaaaaarrr!
lolisa_succubus: Eek! H-Help me! 
wiz: Miss Succubus, hold still for a moment! Freeze!
Instakill Bear: Grr... Grraaarrr?!
wiz: That stopped him! Quick, come to me while he's still frozen!
lolisa_succubus: C-Coming! Thank you so much!
wiz: Okay, now to finish him off for good! Cursed Crystal Prison!
Instakill Bear: Grrraaahhh...
lolisa_succubus: A-Amazing!
lolisa_succubus: I'd heard that you were a powerful lich, but I had no idea you were so formidable! 
lolisa_succubus: You're incredible, Wiz!
wiz: I wouldn't say incredible...but it's been such a long time since anyone complimented me. 
wiz: Thank you! Thank you so much! 
wiz: I'm suddenly feeling much more confident! 
wiz: Now that we took care of the instakill bear, let's head to the ruins!
lolisa_succubus: So Wiz, do you think I need to be as strong as you to work by Lord Vanir's side?
lolisa_succubus: If we can find the magic item, I won't have to worry about how others see me... I want to work with him! 
lolisa_succubus: But if I can't hold my own...
wiz: I'm happy to hear that! 
wiz: Don't worry. My fighting skill has nothing to do with my business acumen.
lolisa_succubus: Really?
wiz: Yes. Vanir is incredibly strong, and despite his help at the shop, business isn't exactly booming.
lolisa_succubus: I see. 
lolisa_succubus: To think that someone so handsome, devious, wicked, and utterly perfect 
lolisa_succubus: could still have a weakness...
lolisa_succubus: But having such an unexpected weakness makes him even more amazing!
wiz: ...If you say so. 
wiz: Oh? Is that what I think it is? 
wiz: Yes, it matches the descriptions I heard! It's the magic item we were looking for!
lolisa_succubus: Y-You mean this strange halo?
wiz: Indeed! By wearing it on your head, you can conceal your true form.
lolisa_succubus: Umm... I forgot to ask, but how does the effect of the magic item change your appearance?
wiz: That's the best part! It doesn't! It makes you invisible so no one can see you! 
wiz: So long as you never remove it, the effect will continue forever!
lolisa_succubus: What?
wiz: With this, you won't need to worry about how others see you anymore. You can roam through town to your heart's content. 
wiz: Amazing, right?
lolisa_succubus: I... I'll pass.
wiz: What?! But, Miss Succubus, 
wiz: weren't you looking for a way to hide your identity?
lolisa_succubus: That's true. 
lolisa_succubus: But the thing is, I'm a succubus. 
lolisa_succubus: If I were to become invisible 24/7, I wouldn't be able to do my job! 
lolisa_succubus: I'd be broke!
wiz: Oh my! I'm so sorry about this! 
wiz: I thought it'd be exactly what you needed...
lolisa_succubus: *Sigh* Now I understand why Lord Vanir is constantly upset. It all makes sense now...
wiz: Um, what makes sense?
lolisa_succubus: Oh, nothing! 
lolisa_succubus: Anyway, I don't need this magic item, you should keep it. 
lolisa_succubus: It's the least I can do to thank you for accompanying me this far!
wiz: Really?! 
wiz: Thank you so much!
lolisa_succubus: Oh, but please be discreet when stocking it at the shop. 
lolisa_succubus: And please don't let Lord Vanir know that I helped you obtain it. 
lolisa_succubus: No matter what!
wiz: I understand. 
wiz: You sure are shy, aren't you, Miss Succubus? Hehe...
ナレーション: Watching Wiz celebrate, Lori dreamed about someday working at Vanir's side.
