mitsurugi: Now that I'm done questing, I can eat. 
mitsurugi: Hm? Isn't that...
lia: I-I don't know if I'm comfortable with...
kazuma: Hmm, yeah, I can see how you might not be comfortable with such a low-cut outfit. 
kazuma: How about a skirt like this? 
lia: No way! That's too much leg!
kazuma: That's out too, huh? Hmm... 
kazuma: Would you be comfortable with a crop top? It'd show your midriff.
mitsurugi: H-Hey, Kazuma Satou! 
mitsurugi: Is that a conversation you should be having in broad daylight?!
kazuma: Oh, hey...Misoragu. I didn't see you there.
mitsurugi: Close...
mitsurugi: but my name is Mitsurugi! What kind of person can't remember a name?!
megumin: Anyway, is everything okay? Your face is bright red.
mitsurugi: O-Oh yeah! 
mitsurugi: Kazuma Satou, you're unbelievable! Asking Lia... 
mitsurugi: Asking her to flaunt...her body for you!
darkness: You may have misunderstood. 
darkness: We were just brainstorming some new designs for Axel Hearts' costumes.
mitsurugi: Huh? Oh. 
mitsurugi: Ahem. I guess I was jumping to conclusions, sorry. 
mitsurugi: I'll be on my way, then.
darkness: He has a surprisingly vivid imagination.
kazuma: He's got nothing on you. 
kazuma: Anyway, back to the topic at hand. So showing more skin is out. 
kazuma: Any other ideas?
megumin: Let's see... Oh! 
megumin: What about incorporating styles from other countries?
darkness: Other countries? 
darkness: That reminds me. Aren't Kazuma and Lia from the same place? I wonder what the clothes are like there.
lia: Good idea! We could make new costumes based on the clothes in Japan! 
lia: It's worth a shot.
aqua: That sounds fun! I'm in!
mitsurugi: L-Lady Aqua?!
aqua: You two can describe the clothes you wore in Japan. 
aqua: I'll reproduce them so well that you won't know the difference!
aqua: Welcome! Today, we have a special one-day-only fashion show! 
aqua: Presenting the Aqua collection!
megumin: A dazzling display of boldly innovative fashion! 
megumin: What will the costumes look like? I can't wait to see!
darkness: It's only been one day. Did you really finish already? You're a miracle worker.
aqua: Of course! After all, 
aqua: I'm a goddess!
megumin: We can discuss that claim later. 
megumin: For now, let's get the show started!
aqua: Okay! Let's welcome our models!
megumin: First, we have the wildly popular dancer from Axel Hearts, 
megumin: the lovely Lia!
lia_gendai: H-Hello there. 
lia_gendai: I haven't worn anything like this in a long time. I'm a little nervous. 
lia_gendai: H-How do I look?
darkness: It's like nothing I've ever seen before. Umebellished, though with excellent freedom of movement. 
darkness: But it still manages to look good—an impressive balance.
aqua: Mm-hmm. You like the sense of balance. That's good to know. 
aqua: Now, moving on to our next model! Umm, let's welcome... 
aqua: Uh... Give me a second... 
aqua: Our next model!
mitsurugi_gendai: She gave up on even trying to remember!
darkness: What's he doing here?!
aqua: I recruited him after our discussion yesterday. Just as I was thinking we'd need more than two models, 
aqua: I saw him.
mitsurugi_gendai: I would do anything for Lady Aqua! 
mitsurugi_gendai: So, what do you think about this outfit?!
megumin: That excessively self-confident pose annoys me, but... 
megumin: I guess it makes sense for a fashion show.
darkness: It's the antithesis of his usual armored look, a decidedly casual yet stylish design done up with tasteful colors. 
darkness: He even wears it well too, exuding an air of refinement... 
darkness: And yet, somehow he still annoys me.
aqua: And now, we have our final model! 
aqua: The adventurer with the weakest job class of them all! Kazuma!
kazuma_jersey: Yes, I'm Kazuma! The one you've all been waiting for! 
kazuma_jersey: Bam!
darkness: ...Huh?
kazuma_jersey: Whatcha think?
aqua: You didn't ask me to make you anything, so I wasn't sure what you would wear... 
aqua: Isn't that just your usual tracksuit?!
kazuma_jersey: That's right.
mitsurugi_gendai: "That's right"? 
mitsurugi_gendai: Really?! Do you think this is some kind of joke?!
kazuma_jersey: I'm completely serious! A tracksuit is a genuine Japanese outfit! 
kazuma_jersey: I'm sure Lia's worn one too!
lia_gendai: W-Well, yeah, I did wear a tracksuit at school...
kazuma_jersey: See! I told you! It's a regular Japanese outfit!
mitsurugi_gendai: That's not the problem! 
mitsurugi_gendai: I'm saying it's rude to wear that thing to Lady Aqua's fashion show!
kazuma_jersey: What's rude about it?! 
kazuma_jersey: I've worn this outfit while sleeping in the stables with Aqua and partying at the guild with her!
mitsurugi_gendai: Ugh! 
mitsurugi_gendai: I'm so jealous!
darkness: Um, isn't this unrelated to the issue at hand?
megumin: You're right. At least, I don't think it helps us figure out new costumes for the dancers.
aqua: Things are heating up! Now let's use that enthusiasm to liven up the discussion!
luna: Kazuma! Everyone!
kazuma_jersey: Miss Luna? What is it? You seem flustered.
luna: Just now, we received word that a Lady Golem has been sighted outside Axel! 
luna: Do you think you can defeat it?
mitsurugi_gendai: Of course! Leave it to us! 
mitsurugi_gendai: Let's go, Kazuma Satou!
kazuma_jersey: What? Why me?! 
kazuma_jersey: I'm wearing a tracksuit, you know!
