Fashion Show P2
Lady Golem: Activate cleaning protocol!
mitsurugi_gendai: She's going to attack! Everyone, be careful!
kazuma_jersey: That's obvious! We don't need you to—
Lady Golem: Must cleeeaaan! Hyah!
kazuma_jersey: Eeep! 
kazuma_jersey: That was close!
megumin: Wow! That was a dazzling dodge! Great job, Kazuma!
lia_gendai: Now's our chance! Her back is completely exposed! 
lia_gendai: Hyaaah!
Lady Golem: Ahhhhhh...
megumin: It ended before I could cast any explosion magic... 
megumin: Kazuma! Kazuma! I need to blow something up! 
megumin: Will you come with me to the mountain pass later?
kazuma_jersey: Okay, fine. 
kazuma_jersey: Let's finish the fashion show first, though.
megumin: Oh, yeah! I totally forgot about that! 
megumin: We should probably get back to it then.
darkness: This was good, though. We got to see how these outfits restricted movement, which is an important consideration for dancers.
aqua: This fashion show might just help us pick new costumes after all. 
aqua: How did it feel moving around in those outfits, you three?
lia_gendai: My clothes were even less restrictive than I expected. 
lia_gendai: They don't offer much protection, but we already knew that.
mitsurugi_gendai: I agree with Lia. They aren't suited for battle, but they're far less restrictive than my armor. 
mitsurugi_gendai: Perfect for the stage.
megumin: In terms of freedom of movement, Kazuma's outfit really stood out from the rest.
mitsurugi_gendai: Indeed. I hate to admit it, but I was impressed when he dodged that golem's strike so deftly.
kazuma_jersey: Heh. My tracksuit is activewear, after all. Even before I lived in a world filled with monsters, 
kazuma_jersey: I prized my freedom of movement.
aqua: ...That sounds a lot like boasting, but don't you mean that tracksuits are perfect for NEETs who sit around at home all day?
kazuma_jersey: D-Don't call me a NEET, you useless goddess!
aqua: What?! As long as you call me a useless goddess, I'll call you a NEET as much as I want, 
aqua: you shut-in NEET!
megumin: Calm down, you two. 
megumin: We should probably head back for the final judging.
darkness: And that's why we're here. Cielo, Erika, will you be our judges for the show?
cielo: Sure! Leave it to us! 
cielo: How exciting.
erica: I bet the clothing of Lia and Kazuma's homeland is super cute. 
erica: Hurry up and show us!
mitsurugi_gendai: We can start with me. 
mitsurugi_gendai: Hehe, what do you think?
cielo: Hmm, you are dressed quite neatly, and I won't deny that you look nice, but...
erica: Seeing you dressed so neatly is really annoying.
mitsurugi_gendai: Wha—?! 
mitsurugi_gendai: Why do people keep telling me that today?!
lia_gendai: Next is my turn! This is my outfit...
erica: It's not bad, but it might be somewhat simple.  
erica: What do you think, Cielo?
cielo: Hmm, you might not be able to weather a surprise attack in that. 
cielo: Perhaps we could add a bit more punch by—
lia_gendai: Um, I don't think we need to consider surprise attacks.
kazuma_jersey: And finally, we have me! Behold the tracksuit, praised for its comfort and mobility! What do you think?
Cielo, Erika: Uhh...
kazuma_jersey: Heh, clearly you're speechless—
Cielo, Erika: Out.
erica: That one is definitely out. There's nothing cute about it.
cielo: It does look stretchable, but... Oh! It could be good to wear during training, I guess...
erica: That's true. If you swapped the pants with a skirt, showed a bit more skin, and picked cuter colors...
kazuma_jersey: That wouldn't be a tracksuit.
lia_gendai: Hmm, it turns out this didn't help much.
aqua: I guess that means it's back to the drawing board to decide what the new costumes should look like.
lia_gendai: After all you did to help... Sorry, Aqua. 
lia_gendai: But it was fun getting to wear clothes from our home again, at least.
mitsurugi_gendai: Yes, getting the chance to wear clothes made by Lady Aqua's own hand... I...
mitsurugi_gendai: I'm so happy! Thank you!
kazuma_jersey: This is my usual outfit so I don't really care either way.
megumin: Hm? Is that disappointment I hear?
kazuma_jersey: Just the opposite. 
kazuma_jersey: I'm the only person in this whole world who wears a tracksuit!
kazuma_jersey: I was just thinking I'd lose that title if tracksuits became trendy.
aqua: Don't worry. Judging from everyone's reactions today, I think it's safe to say they won't. You can relax.
kazuma_jersey: Putting it like that just annoys me. 
kazuma_jersey: In any case, this tracksuit will remain one of a kind. I'll treasure it.
ナレーション: Despite ultimately scrapping the new costume ideas, everyone thoroughly enjoyed the improptu fashion show.
