A Hammer to the Heart on This Sweet Valentine's P2
megumin: Kazuma still hasn't returned.
aqua: He was being chummy with that delinquent friend of his. He probably won't be back for a while.
darkness: That works in my favor— it gives me time to make chocolates.
aqua: Are you sure about this? 
aqua: You don't really seem like the type to do anything in the kitchen.
darkness: I have all the ingredients. As long as I follow the recipe Luna gave me, I'm sure I'll be fine.
megumin: All right. Give it all you've got, then. 
megumin: And don't worry, Komekko will be happy to eat any mistakes.
komekko: I'd be happy to! I can't wait!
darkness: Hmph! You underestimate me! ...But that's fine. You just wait and watch. I'll surprise you with my skill in the kitchen!
darkness: B-But why?!
aqua: Oh no, the chocolate looks all dried out. You must have used too much heat.
megumin: It doesn't look very good, but maybe we should taste it.
aqua: Good idea. It might still taste fine, after all. In which case...
Aqua, Megumin, Komekko: Let's eat!
darkness: H-How is it?
aqua: Hmm, it tastes just like it looks. The texture is pretty unpleasant.
megumin: Ugh. How should I put this? I'm struggling to describe the taste. 
megumin: What about you, Komekko?
komekko: It's like eating baked junebugs.
megumin: K-Komekko! 
megumin: Please try to be a little less blunt!
komekko: *Munch munch* 
komekko: Don't mind me. When you're hungry, even bugs taste good. 
komekko: *Munch munch*
aqua: It's fine. Let's just try again! This kind of thing takes trial and error!
darkness: I-I guess so. 
darkness: I'd be a disgrace of a crusader if I gave up now! I can do this!
lean: Hello!
erica: So you really are making chocolates!
megumin: Oh, hey! I don't see you two together very often. What's the special occasion?
erica: We were at the guild. 
erica: They told us you were here making chocolates. 
erica: We want to join you!
aqua: That would be perfect! Darkness is having a bit of trouble. 
aqua: So it would be great if you could help out.
lean: Of course. Umm... Does it smell like something got burnt?
megumin: That's because...someone burnt the chocolate they were making.
darkness: I underestimated the skill required to make chocolate... 
darkness: Ugh! I'm so ashamed of myself!
lean: Don't let it get to you, Darkness. Everyone burns things in the kitchen when they're trying something new.
megumin: But Darkness has a tough time even just breaking up a bar of chocolate.
aqua: I always knew she's had trouble landing attacks in battle, but I never expected she would even miss a chocolate bar.
lean: That's...
lean: actually impressive, in a way.
erica: Darkness, you can watch us and learn by imitating what we do! 
erica: You're sure to improve that way!
darkness: U-Understood. 
darkness: I place myself under your tutelage!
lean: Relax, we don't need to be so formal.
erica: That's right. It's Valentine's Day, after all! 
erica: Let's have some fun making chocolate!
darkness: You have a point. 
darkness: Okay, let's enjoy ourselves, then!
Female Adventurer: I tried making chocolates on my own. Would you mind tasting them for me?
Male Adventurer: I'd love to try anything you make.
dust: Have you heard, Kazuma? They say couples who start dating on Valentine's Day are cursed with a relationship that only last for three days.
kazuma: Wow, I didn't know that... 
kazuma: Wait! Now that you mention it, I do know a couple who broke up like that. 
kazuma: That's scary!
Male Adventurer: Ahem. Umm, excuse me, but you're ruining the atmosphere. Could you please be a bit quieter?
dust: Oh, sorry about that.
kazuma: I promise we won't bother you again. Have fun, you two!
Female Adventurer: U-Uh... Uh, umm... I... I really like you!
Male Adventurer: I like you too! I want us to be together for as long—
Kazuma, Dust: Blech!
Male Adventurer: M-Maybe we should go somewhere else...
Female Adventurer: Y-Yeah, I guess so.
dust: Ugh! I'm sick of this. 
dust: Everyone's acting all lovey-dovey.
kazuma: Why are we the only ones who aren't happy? 
kazuma: Now I'm getting even more annoyed!
dust: Me too. Damn it. 
dust: Take heart! It's time to enact our plan to ruin Valentine's Day forever!
ナレーション: Consumed by their petty jealousy, the two chocolate-less adventurers set out to execute a diabolical plan.
