Delivering Happiness Santa Claus
ナレーション: It was late at night, after the Christmas party of Santas had ended.
megumin_lightcloth: Zzz... Zzz... 
kazuma: I can't eat any more. Heh heh.
iris_christmas2: Hehe... They fell asleep together. 
iris_christmas2: I worry they'll be cold. 
arue_christmas: Adventurers exhausted from questing often fall asleep on each other like that. 
arue_christmas: They'll be fine, so don't wake them.
iris_christmas2: Okay. The excitement of the party must have worn them out. 
megumin_lightcloth: Hah! Prepare yourself! 
megumin_lightcloth: E-Ex... Exploooo...
megumin_lightcloth: shun... Zzz... 
iris_christmas2: Th-That startled me! 
arue_christmas: They may wake up if we linger too long. 
arue_christmas: Let's do what we came to do and leave.
iris_christmas2: Leaving presents for people while they sleep is a very strange tradition. 
arue_christmas: Indeed. Kazuma's homeland seems chock-full of unique traditions. 
iris_christmas2: I hope it makes both of them happy. 
iris_christmas2: Merry Christmas, Kazuma and Megumin. 
arue_christmas: Merry Christmas, friends. 
megumin: Guys, guess what! Last night, Santa visited me while I was asleep!
arue: How exciting! And what did Santa leave for you?
megumin: This! A gold bar! 
megumin: Do you think Santa knows about my family's financial situation? 
megumin: We can throw Komekko the best New Year's now! 
kazuma: Wow, that's an awesome present! 
kazuma: Meanwhile, I got this...  
kazuma: What am I supposed to do with an eyepatch? 
iris_stealth: Arue... 
arue: Yes, we seem to have mixed their presents up. 
megumin: That's easy, Kazuma. 
megumin: Wear it! It'll make you infinitely cooler! 
kazuma: Only a Crimson Demon would think that! 
kazuma: If you like it so much, I'll trade you for that gold bar! 
megumin: I'm afraid I can't do that. 
megumin: It was my gift from Santa! 
kazuma: Find, just take the dumb eyepatch then. 
kazuma: You don't even have to trade with me. 
megumin: How dastardly! That's Santa's present, meant just for you! 
megumin: Come here, I'll help you put it on! 
kazuma: Hey! S-Stop that! 
arue: Well, the room was dark. It was an honest mistake. 
arue: Besides, they seem to be enjoying themselves. 
iris_stealth: You're right. 
iris_stealth: There's always next year! 
ナレーション: Having experienced the joy of playing Santa, Arue and Iris had already begun looking forward to next Christmas.
