Legendary Adventurer Festival
megumin_lightcloth: Welcome back, Aqua. Finished with work for the day?
aqua: Ugh...
kazuma_jersey: What's up? Get chewed out by your boss for not selling enough croquettes?
aqua: Quite the opposite, actually. I sold every croquette, down to the last crumb. And they offered me a permanent position.
aqua: And it got me thinking... 
aqua: When are we going to defeat the Devil King?!
darkness: Well this is rather out of the blue.
aqua: In all honesty, I don't mind selling croquettes part time... 
aqua: I'm just not sure if I want to do it, you know—forever.
aqua: I think it's finally time, guys! Let's kick that king in his devil derriere! If we don't act now, we never will!
kazuma_jersey: What gives? You're usually the least proactive out of all of us. 
kazuma_jersey: Sit back, drink this glass of bubbly, and relax, I say.
aqua: Ooh, I think maybe I will! Gee, Kazuma, you're such a thoughtful partymate! 
aqua: We could even whip up some finger food.
aqua: ...NO! This is important! 
aqua: Will you please stop trying to sidestep it?
aqua: When we first arrived in Axel, we were united by a single cause—one we've all but forgotten at this point!
kazuma_jersey: Okay, but can we really beat the Devil King as we are? Remember my class? I'm weaker than a wet paper bag.
darkness: I think we all could use some significant leveling up.
aqua: Oh stow your logic and sound judgment! 
aqua: I'm sick of being in debt, sick of working! I'm a goddess and I need out!
megumin_lightcloth: *Sigh* There she goes again.
darkness: Yeah. She's much more aggravated than usual. It's probably the back to back shifts. Must be exhausting.
kazuma_jersey: Well, we have been scaling back on the quests, 
kazuma_jersey: and relying on Aqua's income to pay our daily expenses.
aqua: Are you even listening, Kazuma? Stop loafing around! 
aqua: Become the hero we need, and put that darn Devil King in the ground!
kazuma_jersey: I get what you're saying, but these things take time. 
kazuma_jersey: What kind of hero faces a demonic overlord in sweats? SWEATS.
aqua: Fine. Your apparel's your only hang-up? Then I have the perfect solution for you.
aqua: I'll make you a costume like no other. One that screams "legendary adventurer!"
darkness: Legendary...
kazuma_jersey: Adventurer!
megumin_lightcloth: Wow. Just wow! "Legendary adventurer"—it's got a ring to it! Aqua, if you don't mind, I'd like an outfit myself!
aqua: Sure thing. I'll fashion you flowing robes befitting the greatest arch wizard of the age. For our party is destined to make history!
aqua: Maybe I'll start by making my own outfit. 
aqua: Oh, and Darkness, our legendary crusader, will need one too.
kazuma_jersey: Are you sure about this? If this were a video game, this'd all be top-tier armor and gear.
kazuma_jersey: You're going to need materials. And then you have to actually make the stuff.
aqua: I'm no stranger to a needle and thread. We're going to look like a party of legend if it's the last thing I do!
aqua: Now that we've got a plan of action, I propose a toast!
Megumin, Darkness: Cheers!
kazuma_jersey: I doubt whether Aqua even remembers the impetus for all this... 
kazuma_jersey: Still... 
kazuma_jersey: I can't wait to see those costumes!
ナレーション: Aqua completed her finest work—outfits befitting legendary adventurers—and in so doing, completely forgot about the Devil King...
