God's Blessing on Yunyun's Birthday! (2023)
Everyone: Happy birthday!
ynyn: A birthday party? For me? Thrown by OTHER people?! 
ynyn: I must be dreaming!
megumin: Go ahead, pinch your cheek! I assure you that you're not.
ynyn: Ow... 
ynyn: Then...it's true! This is really happening!
darkness: We're glad you're happy, Yunyun. After all, you're our dear companion.
kazuma: We also have a cake we baked for you. Or, would you like to open your presents first?
ynyn: N-No way! A c-cake? And presents?
aqua: Yep. I'll go first. 
aqua: Here, it's a board game piece. I carved it myself from a stone I found on the road. 
aqua: It's one of a kind!
darkness: And from me, some manatite. 
darkness: It's not a lot, but I hope it will come in handy on your adventures.
kazuma: My present's a potion from Wiz's store. 
kazuma: Vanir recommended it, so you know it's the real deal.
megumin: And last but certainly not least! 
megumin: Here, a book detailing the finer points of explosion magic.
ynyn: Thank you all. I mean, a party AND presents? I don't know what to say.
ynyn: It's as if, as if...we're real friends! 
ynyn: I can die happy!
megumin: By the way, the cost for the party and presents will be billed to you later. 
megumin: Comes out to a cool million Eris.
ynyn: Wh-What?!
kazuma: Megumin, enough with the jokes, okay? It's her birthday.
megumin: I'm sorry, the words just...kind of came out on their own when I saw that she was so happy.
ynyn: Hey, it's fine! Send the bill! I don't care how much it is!
aqua: Huh? 
aqua: That was a joke on Megumin's part. A bad one. 
ynyn: Joke or not, I still want to pay. 
ynyn: It's my birthday, and I want to make sure that everybody is having fun!
kazuma: Uh oh. I think the intense joy sent her off the deep end.
darkness: What should we do, Megumin? It really seems like she's bent on paying for all this.
megumin: I didn't expect her to take a dumb joke so seriously. I'll apologize and explain the situation in detail later, don't worry.
aqua: Her parade doesn't look rained on one bit, though. How about we simply continue the celebration and take care of the bill later?
megumin: You're right. For now, let's just have a good time together.
ynyn: It's my birthday! Mine! And I'm having such a swell time!
