God's Blessing on Darkness's Birthday! (2022)
darkness: Okay, I'm ready. Do it.
kazuma: Uh... I know I agreed to do anything you want for your birthday, but... Are you sure about this? 
kazuma: This isn't exactly normal—
darkness: I'm sure! Besides, Aqua and Megumin can't have all the fun.
aqua: I really think you should reconsider—
aqua: Wait. What was that about having fun?
darkness: It's not important. 
darkness: Besides, a knight's word is her bond!
darkness: I said I wanted to have as many new experiences as possible on my birthday, and I won't back down now! Do it, Megumin!
megumin: Ugh, it still doesn't feel right, but if this is really what you want... 
megumin: I won't deny myself the chance to use my magic! 
megumin: Explosion!
megumin: Okay... The rest...is on...you guys...
Giant Toad: *Ribbit*
darkness: It worked! Megumin woke up the giant toads!
aqua: I still can't believe you WANT to be swallowed by a giant toad. It's so slimy and gross.
darkness: A crusader must be the strongest member of her party.
darkness: I would be lax in my duty if I did not train by exposing myself to all manner of danger. 
darkness: Especially things that my party has already suffered through without me.
kazuma: You know, you'd make a much more convincing argument if you weren't grinning from ear to ear while you said that.
darkness: Regardless. I want to be thorough. Wait a minute after I'm swallowed before you rescue me, so I can get the full experience.
kazuma: Ugh, fine. Let's get this over with... 
kazuma: Lalatina.
darkness: I told you not to call me that!
darkness: Now come on, you giant toad! I dare you to swallow me whole and cover me in your slime! 
darkness: Give me all you've got!
Giant Toad: *Ribbit*
darkness: Ungh... 
darkness: It's so...warm and...smelly and...SO slimy! I've never felt anything like it!
aqua: Kazuma? This doesn't feel at all like the proper way to celebrate a birthday.
megumin: Yeah. It's a little strange. 
megumin: But it's kind of great too. Thanks to Darkness, I got to use my explosion magic!
kazuma: I guess if this is what she wants, who are we to argue? 
kazuma: And she really seems to be enjoying herself.
darkness: Ah! This is the best birthday ever! 
darkness: Thank you so much!
