God's Blessing on Wiz's Shop! (2021)
banil: Welcome! For today only, you can get thirty percent off the magical items that I have procured!
Adventurer A: Excuse me, do you have any more of the potions on this shelf? Or are they sold out already?
wiz: Not at all! We have plenty more of them in the back.\n
wiz: Kazuma, could you get them for me?
kazuma: I'm on it!
Adventurer B: Say, could you ring this up?
darkness: Hey, can someone help that customer?
megumin: I'll take care of it. Darkness, you handle the line outside.
aqua: Purchases of 10,000 Eris or more come with free holy water!\n
aqua: You won't find a better deal anywhere!
wiz: Lady Aqua is pulling in customers for me...
wiz: Hehe...
kazuma: I brought those potions you wanted... Hm?\n
kazuma: What are you grinning about?
wiz: Oh, nothing. It's just that my shop has never been so lively!\n
wiz: And it's because all of you are helping me out.
Adventurer C: Excuse me, I have a question about this item.
wiz: Sure thing! I'll be right with you.
wiz: You have my gratitude for making my shop's anniversary sale such a huge success!
wiz: I've never sold so much!
banil: If our sales were this high all the time, I could finally breathe easy...
wiz: Nice work today, Vanir. Thank you so much for your help today, everyone!
kazuma: Don't sweat it. You're always there for us when we need help, so we wanted to do something for you.
megumin: It's the store's anniversary. How many years has it been?
wiz: Th-That's...personal information.
aqua: Keeping secrets after all we've done for you! What a turn... 
aqua: Maybe this anniversary should be a memorial instead?
wiz: Eek! I'm sorry!\n
wiz: I'm so sorry!
darkness: Now now, Aqua. Today is a day for celebration. Let's keep things calm for once, okay?
megumin: I bought a cake for us. How about we dig in and finish 
megumin: off the day with something fun?
aqua: Great! I call dibs on the biggest strawberry!
kazuma: Are you forgetting that today is supposed to be about Wiz? 
kazuma: Now then, let's try that again!
kazuma: As adventurers of Axel, we want to show 
kazuma: our gratitude to Wiz and her shop!
Everyone: Congratulations on your shop's anniversary!
wiz: Thank you...
wiz: Thank you all so much for today!
