God's Blessing on Cecily's Birthday! (2022)
cecily: You there! I trust you know what day it is?
Adventurer: Er, uh... N-No?
cecily: Then I shall enlighten you! Today is the birthday of the Axis Order's 
cecily: most beautiful priestess... Me! 
cecily: So come! Give me gifts! Shower me with my favorite delicacies!
Adventurer: Huh? Wait one monster-slayin' minute! Happy birthday and all, but I am not paying for your grub!
kazuma: That's Cecily over there, right? What's she doing?
megumin: Trying to use her birthday to fleece free meals out of people, from the looks of it.
cecily: Can it be?! That adorable, cherubic voice...! 
cecily: I knew it! Megumin, darling! You came to celebrate the birthday of your most beloved friend, yes? 
cecily: C'mere!
megumin: Mrmmf! 
megumin: Warn me before you crush my spine, please?
cecily: Oh, come now. Don't deny me the gift of your affection on my birthday, 
cecily: sweet thing.
megumin: D-Denied! Unequivocally denied! So remove...your...
megumin: faaace!
kazuma: ...
kazuma: Don't worry, Megumin. You'll live on in our hearts. 
kazuma: Now then, Aqua, Darkness. Let's hit another tavern, eh?
darkness: ...Are you sure, Kazuma?
cecily: Indeed, Kazuma. Don't be so shy.
aqua: You said it. The only place we're going is the bottom of a tankard, here! 
aqua: It's my most fervent follower's birthday. Time to celebrate!
cecily: Oh, to have the goddess herself celebrate my birthday... Your divine generosity knows no bounds!
megumin: P-Please...give her what she wants... I-If we don't...she'll never release this stranglehold!
kazuma: ...Can you breathe?
cecily: Then it's settled! 'Scuse me! We'll have one of everything! And send the bill to 
cecily: dear Kazuma here, okay?!
kazuma: Leaping Lizard Runners! Have you no humility?!
darkness: Aw, it's her birthday. Cut her some slack. In fact, 
darkness: let's round up the entire gang and celebrate in grand fashion.
aqua: The birthday girl needs a present, too. How's a 1/10 scale doll of yourself sound? I'll make it for you later!
cecily: Oh you guys...!
kazuma: No turning back now... Everyone have a drink? Then please, 
kazuma: raise your mugs!
Everyone: Cecily, happy birthday!
cecily: Oh, nothing could make me happier! ...Save for perhaps for your names on these applications 
cecily: for the Order!
ナレーション: Though all present refused to sign, everyone had a grand
time together.
