God's Blessing on Megumin's Birthday! (2021)
ナレーション: Unbeknownst to Megumin, Kazuma and friends invited Yunyun over to discuss something very important...
ynyn: A birthday party for Megumin? Hmm... I'm sure she'd 
ynyn: love a normal get-together with her friends, to be honest.
darkness: But aren't Crimson Demons typically a tad...uh, eccentric?
aqua: Yeah, you guys like things big and bombastic. And we don't 
aqua: want the birthday girl 
aqua: to be underwhelmed.
ynyn: Well, I'm probably not the best authority on Crimson Demon sensibilities, you know.
kazuma: True. You're actually pretty normal... 
kazuma: It's a strange world we live in.
aqua: Okay, fine. But can you give us some ideas to work with? We want something that'll send Megumin over the moon.
megumin: Afternoon, everyone! I'm ba— 
ynyn: Leave it to me! Why, I'll hit her with so much birthday oomph, 
ynyn: it'll blow her cape clean off!
megumin: Something's going on...
megumin: Ah, a surprise party, is it? Guess they weren't expecting me so soon.
kazuma: My, aren't we motivated? This proves it, Yunyun. You really do like Megumin! Heck, you must love her!
megumin: Huh?! 
aqua: Aw, it's nothing to be ashamed of. In fact, these kinda things should be put into words.
aqua: Let's hear it! Who do ya love?
ynyn: C-C'mon! Don't I get time to prepare 
ynyn: or something?
megumin: What?!
kazuma: Relax, Megumin's not here, remember? There won't be a 
kazuma: better time to practice your confession.
ynyn: I-I, er...l-l-l-love...M-Meg—
megumin: Nwaaaaaaaaah!
kazuma: Hey, Megumin. Didn't expect you back so soon!
megumin: Yes, it is I! For I have returned! Home. Here.
megumin: And I demand you cease this egregious and embarrassing exchange at once!
aqua: Ah, and we were so close too!
megumin: For the love of... You knew I was listening?
darkness: Call it your surprise birthday present. We figured the only 
darkness: way to please a Crimson Demon was to think outside the box.
ynyn: What? You didn't tell me that!
kazuma: Of course not. There's no way you'd keep it secret.
kazuma: Besides, we knew you'd say something worthwhile, given the occasion.
ynyn: K-Kazuma...!
megumin: My heart was about explode!
aqua: Chalk that up as a win! She liked the present, gang!
kazuma: Now, loud and clear, everyone! Ready?
Everyone: Happy birthday, Megumin!
megumin: Megumin is my name, happy victim of your birthday game! 
megumin: Nothing more have I to say save thank you for a joyous day!
ナレーション: With red tinge to her cheeks, Megumin faced her friends, smiling from ear to ear.
