God's Blessing on Rin's Birthday! (2021)
dust: Happy birthday, Rin!
lean: Hehe! Thanks, you two. 
lean: I'm thrilled you went through all this trouble for me today.
lean: I'm especially surprised with you, Dust. Just the other day, you were complaining about being broke.
dust: We're bestest buddies, ain't we? I always come through for my friends on their birthday.
lean: Is that so? 
lean: I almost feel bad for thinking you came here in hopes of a free meal.
dust: Ack...! 
dust:  I-I'm hurt the thought even crossed your mind! H-Hey, try this stir fry with fresh fall vegetables! It's delicious!
lean: Thanks, I think I will. And use your indoor voice at the table. 
lean: It's rude to shout.
lean: You dig in too, Yunyun. Food tastes better when it's shared with good company, after all.
ynyn: Th-Thanks. But this is all still so overwhelming. 
ynyn: Throwing a birthday party for someone feels like a dream come true.
lean: I-It's actually pretty normal...
dust: Hey, we're outta drinks! 
dust: How about I go order for all of us? What'll it be?
lean: Wait a second. That's uncharacteristically generous of you. 
lean: Who's footing today's bill, if I may ask?
dust: R-Right, about that...
ynyn: Naturally, I've got it all covered! You eat free today, Rin!
lean: You're paying for all of it? What about Dust? Don't tell me today's party was his suggestion...
ynyn: Paying's a privilege, Dust said. It shows how much we care for you. 
ynyn: He wanted to pitch in, but graciously gave me the honor.
lean: *Sigh* I should've known. This burden isn't yours to bear alone, Yunyun. 
lean: Let's split the bill.
ynyn: Huh? But it's your birthday party...
lean: Don't worry about it. You're here celebrating with me. 
lean: That's what counts.
ynyn: Rin...
dust: Rin, Yunyun, I applaud your magnanimity! 
dust: Now let's get this party start—
lean: You're paying too, Dust, you twit!
dust: Yow! Not the ear! You'll rip it clean off!
ナレーション: Not long after, Kazuma and friends joined the party too, and Rin went on to enjoy a full and festive night...
