God's Blessing on Melissa's Birthday! (2021)
kazuma: You're only interested in jewels and stuff like that... 
kazuma: So I'm surprised you took on this simple survey quest.
melissa: This is unexplored territory, so it's finders keepers. 
melissa: It's the perfect quest for a treasure hunter.
megumin: Then why did you invite us to come along? I can't use my explosion magic down here.
kazuma: Plus there are undead crawling all over the place. 
kazuma: Although that's probably Aqua's fault...
aqua: Hey, you take that back! This place was swarming with the undead before we got here!
darkness: Well, it is known as the tomb of an ancient kingdom...
darkness: We'll definitely need purification magic.
melissa: That's why I asked Aqua to come with me. And it's perfect 
melissa: for an otherwise useless crusader's stalwart defenses...
darkness: Tch... So cruel...
darkness: Fine, leave it to me. You can use me however you like.
kazuma: Melissa sure has gotten good at manipulating Darkness into doing her bidding.
aqua: You think there's some ancient bigwig in this fancy coffin? 
aqua: There seems to be a curse on it, though.
melissa: I thought there would be. That's why treasure hunters always carry expensive magic items to get around curses like that.
aqua: Sounds like a hassle. Lemme pop it open for you. 
aqua: Sacred Break Spell!
melissa: You really do have your uses. If you weren’t so dim, you'd make a great henchman.
aqua: Ugh, what kind of compliment is that?
melissa: You thought that was a compliment? Adorable.
kazuma: Okay, I'm opening it up... Hm?
kazuma: What's this? I've never seen a jewel so big!
melissa: That deep red luster... Its color suits me perfectly. This is what I was looking for.
melissa: I'll take that, thanks.
megumin: Wait, that color...
megumin: It's made for the Crimson Demon Clan! 
megumin: We all worked to find it, so we should divide it evenly!
melissa: Don't be so stiff. Flexibility is an important quality. 
melissa: Besides, it's my birthday.
kazuma: Seriously?
darkness: Probably. Her would-be suitors were awfully noisy today.
melissa: Those losers only bring me ordinary rocks, though. 
melissa: So I came here to find my own birthday present.
melissa: I'll give you the quest rewards, but I'm taking this. 
melissa: A beautiful jewel like this belongs with its own kind.
kazuma: Well, if that's how it is...
kazuma: Uh, happy birthday, I guess.
aqua: Happy birthday, Melissa.
melissa: Hehe, I'll just say thank you and leave it at that.
melissa: Celebrating my birthday in an 
melissa: ancient king's tomb... Truly something only a treasure hunter could enjoy!
