God's Blessing on Mia's Birthday! (2022)
miia: Steak, hamburger, fried chicken, AND pork cutlet?! What's all this?! 
miia: We usually have mostly vegetables!
Amy: There's cake too. I've prepared all your favorite foods today!
miia: Really? What for?! 
miia: It's just like a birthday party!
Amy: That's because it IS a birthday party.
miia: What? Whose?
Amy: Yours, silly!
miia: *Pant pant* 
miia: Oh, that's right! I can't believe I forgot it's my birthday! 
miia: Happy birthday to me!
Amy: Only you could forget your own birthday.\n
Amy: But your forgetfulness is part of what makes you so lovable.
Amy: Anyway... Happy birthday, Mia! I pulled out all the stops for you today. Eat up!
miia: Yes! Time to dig—
miia: Wait! I can't!
Amy: Why? What's wrong? 
Amy: Don't you like it?
miia: I love it! But it seems kind of a waste to keep this all to myself.
miia: Let's invite Kazuma and the others over. You said it yourself. Food tastes better when you eat it with friends.
Amy: That's very kind of you Mia. You know, you're growing up so fast. 
Amy: It wasn't that long ago you would've gobbled everything right up without a second thought.
Amy: Wait here. I'll get Kazuma and the others, so we can celebrate together.
miia: Yay! I can't wait to share all this delicious food and celebrate with everyone!
miia: Wow! Amy's cooking looks so scrumptious!
miia: I hope everyone likes it. It probably tastes amazing! 
miia: Oh, I know! I should test it just to be sure!
miia: *Munch munch* 
miia: Mmm! This is super yummy!\n
miia: I'll try a bite of this, and a bite of this, and...
Amy: Mia, Kazuma and the others are here!
kazuma: We heard there was a mountain of delicious food.\n
kazuma: So we came right—Wha?!
aqua: There's nothing left but a few chicken bones...
megumin: I guess she couldn't wait... Where is she, anyway?
miia: Zzz... Zzz... I'm so full... Thank you...everyone...
darkness: Fast asleep...
Amy: It sounds like she's dreaming about all of us celebrating together. She's so cute when she's sleeping!
kazuma: Hm... Why don't we go see what we can find from the street vendors and celebrate when she wakes up?
aqua: We should find her a present too.\n
aqua: And let's not forget the bubbly! Happy birthday, Mia!
