God's Blessing on Arue's Birthday! (2022)
arue: Hehehe... Ahahahahaha!!!\n
arue: The day of destiny has finally arrived!
arue: I've waited so long for this girl's birthday! At long last, her body is mine!
ynyn: Arue...? Are you all right?
arue: Arue... Yes. That was this vessel's previous owner.\n
arue: But I am NOT Arue!
arue: I am the emissary of the underworld, long sealed away in an eye patch! 
arue: I am STARGNOC!
megumin: S-Stargnoc?! No way!
ynyn: Megumin, do you know anything about this?
megumin: Yes, I've seen that name in ancient texts.\n
megumin: Stargnoc is an evil god of destruction who razed the entire world in just seven days!
arue: AH! I see you know your history... Since that is the case, you must know what happens to those who defy me.
arue: Tonight...WE FEAST!\n
arue: I demand a blood offering to celebrate my glorious return! Ahaha! 
arue: Ahh!
megumin: Oh no... The world is in danger! 
megumin: We have to do something!
？？？: Um... What are you guys doing?
kazuma: I've never heard of any evil god named Stargnoc. 
kazuma: Hold on... That's just "congrats" spelled backward!
megumin: It sure is! And now you know. This is how we're celebrating Arue's birthday!
ynyn: She asked us to pretend an evil god was sealed inside\nher and had finally broken free.
darkness: That's quite an elaborate story.
arue: Exactly! I wanted a story about a hero who must face their tragic destiny. And I thought, since it's my birthday, it would be all right.
arue: Now where were we? Oh, yes...\n
arue: If you wish to defeat me, you'll have to kill this girl too!
megumin: But Arue is our friend! 
megumin: We can't kill her!
arue: Then the world shall BURN! What do you choose? Your friend or the world?! 
arue: NOW what will you do?!
megumin: I don't know! I don't know what to do!
aqua: What a weird birthday present... But at least they're having fun.
kazuma: It must be a Crimson Demon Clan thing.
arue: Mwahahahahaha! This is a good day!\n
arue: A covenant has been made! 
arue: Now... Bow down and worship your god!!!
