God's Blessing on Erika's Birthday! (2022)
erica: The weather is perfect today! It's like the whole world is working together to make my birthday extra special!
cielo: You're certainly in a good mood today, Erika.
lia: Breakfast is ready. Today we're—
kazuma: Good morning!
darkness: Sorry for barging in so early.
erica: Is that so? And what, may I ask, are you all doing here today?
aqua: We're here for breakfast! By special invitation!
erica: Is that the only reason? It's not because today is a special day, is it?
megumin: Why? What's so special about today?
erica: Oh, quit teasing. 
erica: I'm sure you know it's someone's special day.
kazuma: We have no idea what you're talking about.
erica: Huh?
kazuma: We were just getting back from a quest when Cielo invited us to breakfast. That's it.
erica: What? You mean you're not here for me?
kazuma: No. It's like Aqua said. We're here for breakfast. So where's the food?
erica: Waaaaaah!!!
kazuma: What the—?!
erica: NOBODY remembered my birthday?! How could you all be so mean?!
erica: You know what? I don't care! I wouldn't want to celebrate with such horrible people anyway!
cielo: Erika, please calm down. The truth is—
erica: Calm down?! How can I calm down?!\n
erica: I just found out nobody cares about me enough to remember my birthday!
lia: Kazuma...
kazuma: I think I overdid it.
darkness: Well personally, I would have loved such merciless teasing. 
darkness: But that might be a little much for other girls.
megumin: Yeah, I know we were trying to surprise her, but I think we just came off as mean.
darkness: Exactly. We weren't supposed to make her cry.
kazuma: I know... But she was being so weird about it that I couldn't resist.
aqua: Don't be sad, Erika! We were just teasing. We actually brought a cake and presents to celebrate!
erica: What?! A cake?! AND presents?!
erica: You really brought a surprise?\n
erica: Are those presents really for a super special, super cute somebody's birthday?!
kazuma: She got over that awfully quick! 
kazuma: Eh, whatever. Come on, everyone!
Everyone: Happy birthday!
erica: Wow, this was SO unexpected! Thanks, everyone!\n
erica: I promise to be even cuter this year than I've ever been before!
