God's Blessing on Mitsurugi's Birthday! (2022)
ナレーション: Mitsurugi found himself surrounded by women bearing gifts and ready to celebrate...
mitsurugi: Thank you all. I'm honored that you remembered my birthday.
Axel Woman: Well, thanks to you and your magic sword, we get to live in peace. This is the least I could do!
mitsurugi: I appreciate all of this food. It looks delicious.
Mitsurugi Fan: I hope you find this useful. You're the envy of all adventurers, brave Mitsurugi!
mitsurugi: You're too kind. And thank you. One can never have too many potions in such a hazardous line of work.
Women: You're so cool, Mitsurugi! Happy birthday!
mitsurugi: I'm glad I chose to come here. It's wonderful celebrating with all of you.
mitsurugi: I'll do everything in my power to protect the shining faces before me.\n
mitsurugi: Though there seems to be one missing.
mitsurugi: Lady Goddess...
Mitsurugi Fangirl: Why are you sad, Mitsurugi? Are you feeling all right?
mitsurugi: Oh, yes. I was simply lost in thought a moment.\n
mitsurugi: I didn't mean to worry you.
Mitsurugi Fan: Ah! Mitsurugi's so dashing! I love a man who broods!
kazuma: What's with the sea of women?
luna: Hello, Kazuma. Today is Mitsurugi's birthday, so they've all come to give him gifts.
kazuma: I guess a magic sword is enough to make anyone popular.
kazuma: I suppose I'd better give our mighty hero a gift on his birthday as well. 
kazuma: Let's see... Ah!
aqua: Kazuma, why are you taking off your socks?
kazuma: Here. Do me a favor and give these to him.
aqua: No way! I wouldn't touch your filthy socks for anything in the world!
kazuma: What if I promised you expensive bubbly?
aqua: Uh—No! No way!
kazuma: Not even for three cases of it?
aqua: Err... Fine! 
aqua: Give me those! 
aqua: Hey you!
mitsurugi: Lady Aqua?! 
mitsurugi: Are you here for my birthday bash?
aqua: Something like that. Here. Happy birthday.
mitsurugi: ...
kazuma: Heh. That shut him up.
mitsurugi: Can I truly accept such a gift? 
mitsurugi: I'm honored!
mitsurugi: And they're still warm! This is the best gift I could have asked for!\n
mitsurugi: I'll treasure them the rest of my life!
aqua: Oh... I'm glad. You have such unique taste...
kazuma: What's with this guy?!\n
kazuma: He'd love anything if it came from Aqua, wouldn't he?! 
kazuma: And they're still warm, because I was just wearing them. Ugh!
ナレーション: That night, Mitsurugi hung Kazuma's socks on his front door for all to see.
mitsurugi: This is the best birthday I've ever had! 
mitsurugi: Ah!
