ナレーション: One day, a lone priestess was praying in a church in Axel...
cecily: O Heavens, hear my words. Please guide the heathens of this world. Open their eyes to Aqua's appeal and bring them to the Axis Order.
cecily: And while you're at it, find me a rich, handsome man who will spoil me rotten, 
cecily: and give me a mountain of yummy jelly slimes!
cecily: And there's my daily prayer done. Maybe I'll grab some of that bread the Eris Order is handing out.
axis_girl: Bread from the Eris Order?
cecily: Hello, my child! Have you come to help me spread the good word?
axis_girl: What do you mean? Why would we need to spread the holy word of the Axis Order?
axis_girl: After all, it's the national religion.
cecily: ...Huh?
ナレーション: On the streets of Axel...
Yunyun, Arue: Defeat the demons! Down with the Devil King!
luna: Followers of the Eris Order aren't welcome in this town!
chris: I'm sorry! I swear I'm finished with such heresy! Please allow me to convert!
darkness: It's like the scales have fallen from my eyes. Why did I follow the Eris Order for so many years?
iris: Eris pads her chest! Hehe... 
iris: I finally understand the supreme glory of the Axis Order.
mitsurugi: Even the princess praises the Axis Order! You must be pleased, my goddess!
ナレーション: Meanwhile, at the guild tavern...
dust: I don't have any money, but let's drink up! A hundred mugs, right here!
lean: And a hundred for me, too! After all, the Axis Order teaches that I should do whatever I want!
melissa: That's right! We should do whatever pleases us! 
melissa: Ooh... Mia, your ears are so cute!
miia: Go ahead and pet 'em as much as you want! That's one of the many joyous teachings of the Axis Order!
Amy: Heheh, you have real respect for the Axis Order. What a good girl you are, Mia!
ナレーション: At Wiz's shop...
wiz: How about some soap? Detergent? Buy now and you'll get tickets to the Axel Hearts meet-and-greet!
Axel Hearts: Axis Order ♪ Axis Order ♪ Axis Order ♪ Praise Aqua ♪
cecily: What's going on here?
？？？: At last, everybody realizes how great Aqua truly is!
kazuma: I'm sorry I called you a useless goddess so many times. 
kazuma: You're the best goddess there is!
aqua: Don't worry about it. It's water under the bridge. Your benevolent goddess Aqua forgives your past impiety!
megumin: I converted to the Axis Order, too! I'll spread the word 
megumin: to everyone in the Crimson Demon Village.
cecily: No way... It's like a dream! What a wonderful day! 
cecily: I want to celebrate with some jelly slimes!
megumin: But ma'am, capturing jelly slimes is illegal, and—
aqua: Not anymore! Your goddess Aqua will graciously allow it! Thou shalt not deny thy self!
cecily: Thank you so much, My Goddess!
cecily: Very well, everyone! We shall catch us some jelly slimes! All we can eat!
cecily: It's jelly slime time!
Kazuma, Aqua, Megumin: It's jelly slime time!
