God's Blessing on the Order of Axis! - P2
cecily: Grape, orange, mango...\n
cecily: There are so many jelly slime flavors! This is heaven!
mitsurugi: Cecily, this one is kiwi-flavored. Please allow me the honor of offering you a taste.
megumin: And here's a rare pink grapefruit flavor! I'm sure you'll love it!
Megumin, Mitsurugi: Say "Aah!"
cecily: I never thought I could be so happy!\n
cecily: I'm being hand fed by a handsome man and pretty girl!
cecily: It's like a dream come true!\nAnd it's all thanks to the Order of Axis!
Kazuma, Aqua, Darkness: Long live the Axis Order! Long live the Axis Order!\nLong live the Axis Order!
cecily: I'm so grateful, Lady Aqua! I've found true happiness! I shall continue my prayers faithfully!
？？？: Uh... Are you all right, Miss...?
？？？: Miss? Are you okay? Miss?!
cecily: Hm? 
cecily: Ugh...
axis_girl: Thank goodness! You can't sleep there. You'll catch a cold!
cecily: Huh? Where are the jelly slimes?\n
cecily: What happened to all the jelly slimes we caught?!
axis_girl: What are you talking about? Jelly slime hunting is illegal...
cecily: Oh no!
aqua: Waitress! More bubbly over here, please!
kazuma: Megumin! Hands off my fried giant toad!
megumin: I don't see your name on it, Kazuma.\n
megumin: As far as I'm concerned, anything on the table is fair game.
darkness: There's no need to fight. If you really want fried giant toad, I'd be happy to share mine.
cecily: Megumiiin!
megumin: Whoa! What's going on?
cecily: Megumin, you joined the Axis Order, right?!
megumin: Huh? What are you talking about?
cecily: And didn't Darkness and Chris convert too? I'm sure of it! The entire world was united under the Order of Axis...
darkness: The Dustiness family has followed the Eris faith for generations. I'd never dream of converting.
kazuma: Plus, if you did convert, Axis followers would stop picking on you. And I'm sure you don't want that.
cecily: Lady Aqua! What about the ban on jelly slime hunting?
aqua: Huh? All I care about right now is having some tasty bubbly.
cecily: N-No... It can't be!
cecily: It was all a dream... 
cecily: I hate cliched endings like this!
axis_girl: What's wrong, miss? You look so sad.
cecily: It's just the opposite. I'm more determined than ever. I won't stop until I convert the whole world to the Order of Axis!
cecily: That was no dream. It was a vision! And I'll do everything I can to make it happen, starting right now!
axis_girl: You're so optimistic... 
axis_girl: I want to be just like you! Let me help!
cecily: Thank you, my tiny little disciple. Together, we shall\nspread the word of the Axis Order!
ナレーション: Full of fresh hope, the two worked tirelessly to spread their faith. Yet, the harder they tried, the more reviled the Order became.
