God's Blessing on This Crimson Demon Day! - P2
dust_gantai: Rin, grant my wish, and bestow upon me some funds so that I might eat!
lean_gantai: Your finances rest in a grave dug by your own choices! Go and join them!
kazuma: More eyepatches...
wiz_gantai: Welcome! We carry only the most magnificent magical artifacts!
kazuma: Not Wiz too...
arue: It seems the people have finally taken the credo of the Crimson Demon Clan to their hearts.
ynyn_gantai: As the daughter of the clan leader, it fills me with pride! 
ynyn_gantai: Hahaha... This is so embarrassing!
kazuma: No, even Arue and Yunyun are— Oh, wait. 
kazuma: That's how they've always been.
kazuma: Is something wrong with me? Am I the only one who thinks the Crimson Demons are strange now?
？？？: There you are. We've been looking all over for you.
kazuma: Darkness... Aqua and Megumin too.
megumin_gantai: Have you seen the light?! Just look at how the world recognizes how cool the Crimson Demon Clan really is! 
aqua_gantai: All that remains is for you to an eyepatch of your very own!
kazuma: N
kazuma: rrrgh...
kazuma: If I'm the only one left...I have to accept that I'm the odd one here. It'll be easier if I put on the eyepatch...
アクア＆ダクネス: Do it! Do it!
kazuma_gantai: A door to another world has opened! 
kazuma_gantai: My name is Kazuma Satou! 
kazuma_gantai: Bane of the Devil King's generals! Born beneath a lucky star!
megumin_gantai: Oh!
kazuma: Don't look at me like that!
aqua_gantai: Hey, your eyepatch... And we were so close.
kazuma: You were what now?
darkness_gantai: Aqua! You're going to ruin it!
kazuma: That's it. Explain yourselves.
megumin_gantai: *Sigh* All right, fine. 
megumin_gantai: Looks like we've got no choice.
kazuma: In other words, everyone was in on this little deception of yours?
darkness: That's putting it a bit harshly. 
darkness: We wanted you to reconsider the things you said.
megumin: It's your fault for disrespecting the Crimson Demon Clan. 
megumin: I just wanted you to show you that our way of life is worth something.
kazuma: *Sigh* 
kazuma: You don't need to do that. 
kazuma: Do you think I've been pretending to be friends with you, Yunyun, and the others?
kazuma: I'm well aware of how cool you and the Crimson Demons are. 
kazuma: It's just, sometimes you can be a bit overwhelming.
megumin: Kazuma...
darkness: It would seem they've come to an understanding.
aqua: Sure looks that way. 
aqua: Oh, Megumin. Make sure you don't forget your promise!
kazuma: What promise?
aqua: She agreed to treat us to some bubbly if we wore eyepatches and helped her change your mind.
megumin: That I did. And you will have it...
megumin: Courtesy of Kazuma.
kazuma: Huh?! Why do I have to pay?!
megumin: Consider it your apology for speaking ill of the Crimson Demon Clan yesterday!
darkness: She's right. It wouldn't be very cool of you to refuse.
aqua: Who cares about that! Let's go get some bubbly already!
kazuma: ...Alright, I suppose I was a little harsh yesterday. 
kazuma: Today we toast to the Crimson Demon Clan! 
kazuma: Let's go drink the place dry!
アクア＆めぐみん＆ダクネス: Yeah!
