1.5th Anniversary Episode
megumin: Congratulations! The one and a half year celebratory—
kazuma: Slow down! Don't fire it off yet! 
kazuma: You don't want to collapse now, do you? The fun's just getting started!
darkness: Time sure does fly. It seems like we met just yesterday.
aqua: Yes! This truly is a special occasion! 
aqua: Now if only this masked demon weren't here...
banil: 'Tis a splendid occasion indeed!
banil: If only the goddess of disaster and her insane followers weren't around to bother everyone, 
banil: things would be perfect.
aqua: What did you just call me?! How dare a lowly demon like you 
aqua: speak to me in such a way!
aqua: This is supposed to be a joyous celebration! Having an evil demon here does nothing but spoil the mood!
kazuma: Come on, you two! This is a celebration! Can you try getting along for five minutes? 
kazuma: How about you shake hands and call a truce?
aqua: You want me to shake hands with HIM? 
aqua: ...All right, fine. Hurry up and hold out your hand then, you masked demon.
megumin: She's taking this rather well. I figured she would put up more of a fight.
darkness: I'll wager Aqua realizes their mutual dislike shouldn't get in the way of our celebration. 
darkness: What do you say, Vanir?
banil: So you wish to call an end to our quarrel, then? 
banil: Very well, I shall accept your offer of a truce 
banil: with a handshake...
aqua: Sacred Exorcism!
banil: I shed 
banil: this body!
aqua: Hey! You discarded your body before you even touched my hand! 
aqua: You don't trust me at all!
banil: Mwahahahaha! Of course I don't! 
banil: I can see through your pitiful machinations without trying! 
banil: Who is the evil one now, hmm? 
banil: Only a goddess as sinister as she is stupid would try such a trick on a day of celebration!
aqua: Now you've gone too far! 
aqua: Sacred Exorcism!
banil: Too late! 
banil: Mwahahaha! This is where I take my leave!
aqua: I'm not letting you escape! Get back here!
kazuma: *Sigh* Even after a year and a half, Aqua shows no sign of growing up.
megumin: Personally, I don't think Aqua would seem like Aqua 
megumin: if she acted any other way.
darkness: Heh, I think you're right. 
darkness: We may have our eccentricities, but I hope you'll stick with us all the same. With that...
Kaz., Megumin, Darkness: Congratulations on a whole year and a half!
