A Plan for This Master of Death P2
Street Vendor: Oh, Lord Ainz! I just got some good fruit in. Fancy some?
ainz: Apologies, for I cannot eat. 
ainz: Your good will, however, is more than enough to sustain me.
kazuma: Seems like you're getting used to Axel, huh, Ainz?
shalltear: Hehehe... 
shalltear: It seems that our plan has finally begun to bear fruit.
ainz: Plan?
albedo: We merely conveyed your greatness to those foolish enough to spurn you.
hamusuke: We may have utilized some dramatic license here and there, that we did.
kazuma: How so?
Adventurer A: Hey, look. It's Kazuma. Word is Lord Ainz made him repent his panty-thieving ways.
Adventurer B: I'd wager it was Lord Ainz who beat the Devil King's generals. That Kazuma doesn't have it in him.
kazuma: Please tell me I'm imagining that my reputation is in the gutter again. 
kazuma: You call this "dramatic license"?! 
kazuma: To improve Ainz's public image, you torched mine! 
kazuma: Take it back—all of it!
ainz: M-My sincerest apologies. 
ainz: I'll erase the townsfolk's memories of me before we leave. For now, please endure.
albedo: Behold—the citizens gaze upon Lord Ainz with the fear and respect he deserves!
shalltear: At long last, they understand the heights of my master's nobility. 
shalltear: For though the world may change, Lord Ainz's grandeur will not.
hamusuke: Yep, yep! All the work we put in was definitely worth it, that it was!
ainz: Look at how they rejoice. 
ainz: Please, allow them to bask in their triumph for just a while longer.
kazuma: No can do, buddy! 
kazuma: They may be happy, but I feel like garbage!
ainz: Th-Then please take this, as a token of my penance. It was given to me by a passerby.
kazuma: C-Can it be?! 
kazuma: This is a platinum ticket for you-know-where!
ainz: I do not know where, but it seems to raise the spirits of certain adventurers. 
ainz: I am only sorry it cannot mend that which—
kazuma: We're good.
ainz: ...We are?
kazuma: Yeah, don't worry about it. 
kazuma: Your acceptance by the denizens of this world has made me a happy man. 
kazuma: So how about we throw a victory banquet? 
kazuma: My treat!
shalltear: Ah, a most generous proposition.
albedo: Let us raise a toast to Lord Ainz's mounting eminence! 
ainz: As I recall, that ticket was given to me by a succubus who had temporarily assumed human form. 
ainz: Did I misjudge the ticket's worth? If it was a rare item, perhaps I should have held onto it...
ナレーション: The plan Ainz's loyal minions hatched a staggering success, and Kazuma bankrolled a feast for the merry band.
